Krish Naik: Hello, everyone. I hope I am audible, and just give a confirmation in the writing in the chat.
Krish Naik: We'll just start in another…
Krish Naik: 10 minutes, let all the other people join, and today is the induction session. Welcome, everyone, to the 2.0 Ultimate Data Science Batch.
Krish Naik: Let's, let, let, let others join, and in another 10 minutes, we should basically start. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Okay, perfect. I think now you can also see me, right? So, let's wait for another 10 minutes. I want just everybody to join, since this is the induction session, okay?
Krish Naik: Let's just let us give another… like, we'll sharply start at 9.5 a.m. IST. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Okay, good morning, everybody.
Krish Naik: Am I audible? I hope I am audible. I hope everybody's able to see me out here. Just give me a quick confirmation if you are able to see me.
Krish Naik: And welcome to this amazing course. Once in one year we launched this particular course.
Krish Naik: Okay, and we also have Monal with us. So today is the induction session. We'll talk more about this particular induction session, we'll talk…
Krish Naik: About our entire platform, how those sessions will be going on, which all mentors will be included, because this is a long course, this is a… this is gonna be a minimum of 12 months, of course, right?
Krish Naik: So, we're going to learn a lot of things, a lot of new things, so many things, like last… last batch, 1.0 is still going on, and because of some of the holidays, we had to extend it for a couple of months, I guess, and it'll be getting over in March month, March,
Krish Naik: And many people, I think you are… have shifted from 1.0 to 2.0 to get the best experience out here.
Krish Naik: Okay, so first of all, is my voice clear?
Krish Naik: I am clear enough, you're able to hear me out, you are able to see me, both me and Monol, yeah?
Krish Naik: Okay, so first of all, a brief intro about myself. My name is Kresh, and I've been in the AI industry from past…
Krish Naik: How many years now?
Krish Naik: I started in 2013.
Krish Naik: Still going on strong in the AI field, doing amazing work, learning new things, you know, implementing new things, creating a lot of impact.
Krish Naik: Now, full-time, we are doing teaching, we are developing products and all, right?
Krish Naik: So, this is just a brief intro, and I know many of you may know me, okay?
Monal Kumar: So we also have Monal. Monol, do you want to give a brief intro about yourself? Yes, sure. I think I'm audible, everyone.
Monal Kumar: Hey, everyone! Good morning, good evening.
Monal Kumar: Yes, maid.
Monal Kumar: Hello, Krishop, good morning. Yes.
Krish Naik: Oh my goodness.
Monal Kumar: So, guys, my name is Monal. A lot of you might not know me, but you will see me often here, alright? So, my name is Monal, I'm a data scientist, AI engineer, and I'm working…
Monal Kumar: I've worked in a lot of startups, I've worked in a lot of MNCs also. So, over the past years, I've worked on different domains also, healthcare, telecom, customer systems, and all of those experiences I'm going to share with you as well. And currently what I'm doing, currently I'm also building RAC systems, HMTKI systems, I'm also working on that, and yes, I'm working with Crystal.
Monal Kumar: Giving you…
Monal Kumar: The experience, the best experience we can provide you, and provide the best industry experience as a mentor, so that all of you can excel in your career. So, this is what we are trying to do. We have already done it, and this is what we will be doing in this badge as well.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Krish Naik: Okay, thank you, thank you, Munat. So, let's start with… so today is just an induction session, guys. We'll be talking about this batch, we'll be talking about which all days we are going to have the session, how we are going to have the session.
Krish Naik: Many people will also ask, Krish, after the live session, do we get the recordings or not? So that also we'll be discussing about.
Krish Naik: I'll be talking about our platform, I'll be talking about our features, you know, so many features that we have brought for you. If…
Krish Naik: at any point of time, or any point of time you face any kind of problems, where do you go ahead and reach out? All those information also I'll be providing, okay? So, are we good to start with? Yes? Can I get a quick yes? Please give some kind of thumbs up.
Krish Naik: Happy emoji, you know? I know many of you right now are only being able to chat, you'll not be able to unmute yourself. The reason is very simple, because… I'll tell you, because we want to take this session in a proper way, and in the later stages.
Krish Naik: After the session gets over, we will take all your questions. We'll be there till everybody's question is basically answered, okay? I know today is an induction session. People will be quite interested to ask, sir, how to get into this, how to get into that and all, right?
Krish Naik: Okay, I'll be sharing my screen.
Krish Naik: Can you give me a quick confirmation if you're able to see my screen, everyone?
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Yes, Mona, you are able to see my screen, right?
Monal Kumar: Yes, sir, yes, sir.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, guys, I… we really love your energy. Yes, guys, please be interactive on the chat. It really helps us, and we can see that you guys are very excited. Okay, Krisha, yes.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: So guys, right now, I hope everybody has got the dashboard access.
Krish Naik: Yes or no?
Krish Naik: So, if you have not got the dashboard access, initially, if you want to go ahead and access your dashboard, it is very simple. See, first of all, there are two main platforms that we are specifically developing, right? So, one is Krishnak.in.
Krish Naik: Here, we have listed all the live courses, right? So this is your course over here, 2.0 Ultimate Data Science and Gen AI Bootcamp. And similarly, you can see all the other courses, okay?
Krish Naik: Inside this live courses, when you click over here, so here you will be able to see this, and I hope everybody has enrolled it from here. When you enroll, you have to go ahead and log in in learn.krishnakacademy.com. So this is the LMS platform that we have.
Krish Naik: Where all our courses are hosted, okay? Courses and this entire platform that you'll be able to see. The reason why we are using this platform, because here, nothing is being advertised in front of you. Here, the complete focus is on
Krish Naik: teaching, learning, you just need to… if you're coming in this learn.krishnakacademia.com platform.
Krish Naik: Here, the entire focus is that you are able to learn things over here, right? So, here I will be talking about, once you log in, right? Go ahead and log in over here, guys. Learn.krishnakacademy.com. Please go ahead and log in with your email ID or phone number. You'll be getting an OTP, and you should be able to log in. Just give me a quick confirmation if you're able to log in or not.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Yes, I think that mail information also you have actually got, each and every information.
Krish Naik: Yeah, perfect. Now, I can see that many people are saying, yes, we are able to log in, this is good, perfect.
Krish Naik: Now.
Krish Naik: Let's talk about some important section over here that you see in this particular page. So, I have also logged in as a user who has taken a course from Krishnaik, okay?
Krish Naik: Okay? And then, you see over here, the first section, that is nothing but feed.
Krish Naik: Do you see this feed, everyone?
Krish Naik: The feed means what?
Krish Naik: This feed basically means it's just like a LinkedIn feed.
Krish Naik: Like, so many people have joined our courses, you know? So they do a lot of conversation within their particular courses. They like to post their work, like, what they have actually done.
Krish Naik: Okay, so here you'll be able to see, everybody's able to see this specific post, because I have posted this in our batch, 2.0 Ultimate Data Science and Generative AI and Agent API Bootcamp.
Krish Naik: Yeah? So here, you'll be able to see that many people will be commenting, they'll be putting a hard scene, like, you can see 1.5K people have seen this particular post.
Krish Naik: Yeah?
Krish Naik: Priya, if you're facing that particular problem, please contact our counseling team. You have the number, okay? If you say that your mail could not be verified, you just contact our counseling team, they'll help you out, okay?
Krish Naik: So, here, you'll be able to see this. I think everybody's able to see this particular post. So, in order to do this post, you just need to go over here, go ahead and write whatever things you want. Let's say that today, you have learned some amazing Python project, okay? And this is what you really want to share over here. So, you can just go ahead and write it over here and publish it. So, this feed will go to your entire network.
Krish Naik: In this particular batch.
Krish Naik: Now, how many people have probably attending this particular badge? They will be able to see that particular post.
Krish Naik: The reason why we made this, why we are using this feature, because if you want to make connections with your team, if you want to probably go ahead and have a problem, tomorrow you want to go ahead and attend a hackathon, you can just go ahead and ping it over here, or post it over here, many people will be able to participate. Okay?
Krish Naik: Clear, everyone.
Krish Naik: Everyone clear? Yes? Yes or no?
Krish Naik: Okay, so here, if you go ahead and see below, so many, see, so many learnings. People will be posting over here what they are developing, what they are not developing, everything.
Krish Naik: Right? It may be videos, it may be YouTube channel, it may be anything. So they're posting, they're posting their learnings, they're developing amazing things, right? And, no, it'll not be available in the internet, it will only be available over here in our platform.
Krish Naik: Yeah? Feed is public to everyone based on the batches. So let's say this guy is available, is in Live Agentic AI and Generative AI bootcamp, so whenever he posts over here, all the students who are from this specific batch will be able to see it.
Krish Naik: Make sense, everybody? Yes? So you'll be able to see what kind of learning they are doing. They're developing some amazing application, architecture, right? Jay and Krishna, yes, since you have joined only 2.0 bootcamp, none of your peop… none of your teammates have posted anything right now, right? So only one message you'll be able to see, that is mine.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: So here you can see all the posts, all the learnings, this is from all the previous batches, like how we have developed, and people are developing amazing workflows by using Enitin, by using Langraph, Langchain. It keeps on going on.
Krish Naik: Right? So it's been more than one year that we have started our bootcamps. Just imagine the kind of efforts people have actually put. This, we can definitely see from the transition stories of all our students who have made into multiple industries, right? So this is amazing, right?
Krish Naik: Okay, so understood about the fleet section? Yes?
Krish Naik: Understood about the fleet section?
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: Perfect. I think everybody's saying yes, so this is good.
Krish Naik: Now, the second one is the workshop session.
Krish Naik: Now, can anybody tell me what is this workshop session? It is simple, right? You will be getting your meeting link over here.
Krish Naik: Right? What, like, today's session, you'll be able to see this. There is… this one you'll not be able to see.
Krish Naik: Because this is another batch that is going on parallelly. This is a RAG batch that is going on parallelly at this time, in a different Zoom link, okay? But here is yours. So you have got your induction session, you can go ahead and join over here. I have been enrolled in both the batches as a student, so I'll be able to see this in our feeder.
Krish Naik: Sorry, in the workshop, right?
Krish Naik: Yes, yes, RAG will also be taught. Clear, everybody? Is my voice echoing, everyone?
Krish Naik: Mona, is my voice echoing?
Monal Kumar: But it is good.
Monal Kumar: It's almost just 2-5%, but it is fine.
Monal Kumar: Yep.
Krish Naik: Let me check…
Krish Naik: It should not echo anyhow.
Monal Kumar: It is good, it is good.
Krish Naik: It should not occur. No, it should not occur.
Monal Kumar: Okay, yeah.
Krish Naik: I have a very good mic, man. I have a 25K mic.
Krish Naik: Okay? I'm so proud of my mic. Okay?
Krish Naik: Okay, so…
Krish Naik: Very good thing is that, at any point of time, I think you have also got the mail for your classes, right? Okay. How many of you have received the mail? Yes?
Krish Naik: How many of you have received the mail? Yes, you also received the mail. So, we also send the mail. Along with that, at any point of time you feel that, hey, your mail may have gone into spam folder or promotion folder, you can just go ahead and have a look over here in the workshop session to understand. Like, let's say that today is the session, 11th.
Krish Naik: Then, you'll be having the next session on Wednesday, then the next session on Saturday and Sunday, like that, okay? I'll be talking more about it, like, when you'll be having the session and whatnot. So, this is the induction session 2.0, okay?
Krish Naik: So, similarly, at any point of time, this will be enabled just 15 minutes before the class. You'll be able to get the Zoom link, and you'll be able to join it from here itself. Okay, so perfect, you have received it, you have received the mail, and everything as well. So, this is the workshop session. Wherever we keep the session, here, the session link will be available.
Krish Naik: Then, coming to the next part, that is courses.
Krish Naik: Now, what is this course is? This is your course dashboard, okay? So right now, if I go ahead and click on Start Learning, here is the induction session, okay?
Krish Naik: You do not see any, so here I put some prerequisite videos.
Krish Naik: But, other than that, whenever the live session gets over, after 24 hours, these recordings will be uploaded over here.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: After 24 hours, the video will get uploaded over here.
Krish Naik: Why do we take 24 hours, Krish? It takes time, because our session goes ahead till 3 to 4 hours for that particular video to be processed by Zoom, you know, it will definitely take some time. Once that video comes to us, then we upload it over here.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Yes? Yes, Pratiba, in both your feed and workshop, only one induction session will be shown, because you're only enrolled in 2.0 batch. If you're enrolled in multiple batches, all that particular course dashboard will be shown.
Krish Naik: Clear? So this course section that you see, you'll be able to see all the access of all the other courses that you have joined. Do you see this 2.0 Ultimate Data Science and Ultimate Data Science and Gen AI Bootcamp access?
Krish Naik: Do you see both these Xs?
Krish Naik: Yeah? Why you're seeing this? Because this is the batch that is already taking place, and many people were asking for the previous batch recordings, so we started giving… so here also you can see the induction session. Here, also, you can see Anaconda installation, right? And here you can see Mona also.
Krish Naik: Yeah? Mona also. So, if anyone wants to get it, Vihan, no, sir, I cannot wait for one month, sir, I want to see the recordings. Go and see the recordings, everything is over here.
Krish Naik: Right? And here you'll also get an idea, like, how we specifically teach.
Krish Naik: Mano Josie, you should be able to see the batch access, because whoever has got the excess of 2.0 batch will be able to get that particular access also of 1.0.
Krish Naik: No, the live… the entire course will not be ripe broadcast on YouTube. YouTube have just streamed because the induction session is there. Okay? So, and in Krishnak Academy, we are doing everything in this way. In the further… if you join any batches also, we have the recorded version of that particular batch.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Means the previous batch also, like, 1.0, we will also be giving for every batches that comes in the future also.
Krish Naik: Okay? So here, what you can do, you can go ahead and check it out. Here, also, all the resources, materials is basically given. You can see, right now, ML, ML, everything. Like, no, sir, I want to go very quickly, like Shatabdi. Okay, go!
Krish Naik: Content is there, everything is there, you're teaching, you're learning, monolash taught.
Krish Naik: We are also trying to bring multiple mentors so that you get the best experience out of everyone, okay? That also I'll talk about, you know? No sir, I want to only learn from you. Don't worry about that also. I will give my recordings also.
Krish Naik: Okay, I will give, personally, my recordings, I'll… I also want to bring monol experience in front of you, so that you get to understand multiple things, you get to understand multiple perspectives.
Krish Naik: Okay? 2.0 will be same as 1.0, no. 2.0 will be more advanced than 1.0, because there are new things that have actually come up.
Krish Naik: Okay? Perfect.
Krish Naik: Everyone? So in the courses section, whatever courses you have actually got, the access of, that you will be able to see it over here.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Perfect. Now, there is also one more section, which is called as Level Up.
Krish Naik: This level up, don't worry right now, I have not enabled it, but we are going to keep some challenges over here.
Krish Naik: Okay? Challenges, hackathons, we'll be having some kind of rewards, each and everything. So that, once I enable it from my end, it will be seen in front of you, where you can go in and participate.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Everybody clear?
Krish Naik: Clear enough? Yes?
Krish Naik: Okay? And the last section is the most important section, which is called as Community Messages.
Krish Naik: Now, many people, sir, I want to talk to my peer, what they are doing.
Krish Naik: Okay? You go ahead, and in the messages section, you'll be able to find your own community, and you'll be able to go ahead and chat over there. Okay? Unnecessary, do not chat. Hi, how are you? Did you drink tea? Chai pili agya? Don't do all those things, okay?
Krish Naik: Ask related to any class, hey, I'm facing this particular concern, okay? Can somebody help me out over there? Go in and ask those kind of questions. Don't say, hi, how are you? Okay? Good morning, good night, good afternoon, or that WhatsApp forward will come now.
Krish Naik: Send it to 10 people, this will happen, that will happen, don't do that, okay?
Krish Naik: Only chat…
Krish Naik: Something very important, okay? And don't try to make groups over there. Hey, join my WhatsApp group, we will do something amazing, we will fly to Mars. Don't do that.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: The community chat is built in such a purpose that you should be able to… see, guys, you need to respond in the Zoom chat, not here. This is a very good thing, but people are, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, see?
Krish Naik: So this kind of chat you don't do.
Krish Naik: Not useful. You have Zoom chat, go ahead and ping it over there, I've enabled it over there.
Krish Naik: Yeah?
Krish Naik: Yeah? No, no, sir, I want to put some kind of must thumbnail, this, kabalt hai. Don't do that, okay? Because here, you're wasting your time. Here, okay, I'm facing this particular concern, can anybody help me out? You'll get some good friends, right?
Krish Naik: join the meeting link if you want, but again, I'm telling you, don't give WhatsApp group chat over here, no, no, come, we'll do something amazing, you know? We'll do… you join this particular chat group. Like, many people have done that. If you do that, I will ban you from that particular group also, and I'll not refund your money also.
Krish Naik: I'll make sure that to do that, okay? Because I've seen many people, sir, how chat, everybody join this particular chat, and they'll talk something over there.
Krish Naik: Okay, I don't want that particular thing to happen.
Krish Naik: Okay? So this is basically for only important chats, for only important announcement. Hey, today in this particular class, I could not create an environment, can anybody help me out? So you all will have a very good conversation over here. Make sure to have that kind of conversation, so that your learning is very good. See, over here, here.
Krish Naik: If you see on all the other batches, they only share new, new things, what they have built, what they have not built, and all.
Krish Naik: Okay? So, these are the four important sections that is available in your dashboard.
Krish Naik: Good enough?
Krish Naik: Yes or no? Do… am I selling you any other course over here? Nothing.
Krish Naik: Nothing. Only Muday Gabat. Like, you have to just come and learn things over here.
Krish Naik: Okay? You just need to come and learn over here. Agree?
Krish Naik: Yes or no?
Krish Naik: Agree or not?
Krish Naik: Yeah? So we are not selling anything over here. Here, for the best.
Krish Naik: for your learning what it is, that is actually required. From that, you'll be able to learn things. Okay?
Krish Naik: Perfect. Guys, my voice is very much clear, I have a very good internet connection, please check your internet.
Monal Kumar: Please check your internet.
Krish Naik: Okay? Ha, on the right-hand side, you'll be able to see something called a leaderboard.
Krish Naik: This leaderboard is based on some metrics, okay?
Krish Naik: How many times you are active in your dashboard? How many hours of content you are able to see every day, you know? How many times you have interacted with your course mats, right? How many times you have seen the video? How many times you have answered the comments? All those things…
Krish Naik: Will basically get calculated, and here, you'll be getting a leaderboard.
Krish Naik: Okay, and based on this particular leaderboard, you'll be assigned this particular ratings.
Krish Naik: Now, why this is important, I'll tell you. Why this is important. Sometimes what happens is that
Krish Naik: We get requirements from the people, from the companies, for various job roles, you know?
Krish Naik: There are two ways how we approach you all, right? The first way is that we definitely post
Krish Naik: Everyone in your community section, along with that, we also give you a mail, saying that, hey, this is what is there, do you want to apply for this? You can go ahead and apply, we'll give you the link, everything. The second thing is, when people do not apply, we try to contact people based on the specific ratings, right?
Krish Naik: The reason is very simple, because whoever is more active over here, who is doing more things, will try to contact them, because they will be the most interested people out there for attending those kind of interviews.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Gaurav, everything. This course is… I'll talk more about this particular course, what all things we'll be covering, each and everything, okay? So don't worry. Yeah, the leaderboard will show batch-wise.
Krish Naik: Okay, it'll be showing batch-wise.
Krish Naik: Okay. Till here, everything is com- clear, everybody?
Krish Naik: Yeah?
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Krish Naik: Now, let me do one thing.
Krish Naik: Let me… Start writing something.
Krish Naik: Some do's and don'ts that every people should follow.
Krish Naik: Nikita Kulkarni, I hope you have got the counseling team number. Just directly go ahead and check in the website, or in my… any of the posts, you'll be able to see that. Okay?
Krish Naik: Okay, guys. So, this is the 2.0 Ultimate Data Science Batch.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: So let me go ahead and write some do's and don'ts.
Krish Naik: Do's and don'ts.
Krish Naik: And before writing do's and don'ts, let me talk more about your batch.
Krish Naik: So… Your 2.0 Ultimate Data Science, in a week, will have 3 days classes, right?
Krish Naik: Which all days you have classes?
Krish Naik: Saturday?
Krish Naik: Saturday and Sunday.
Krish Naik: And then… You have? On which days you have?
Krish Naik: Wednesday.
Krish Naik: Saturday and Sunday, you have the sessions between 9 AM to…
Krish Naik: 1PM IST. We basically say 12PM, but…
Krish Naik: I know it is going to go ahead and… Extended like anything.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Then, Wednesday, Wednesday, what is the timing, Monal?
Monal Kumar: Wednesday, actually, we have, mentioned from 9, 8 to 10, 9, but…
Monal Kumar: But we want to make it also flexible, for other classes. At the start, it will be 8.30 to 10.
Krish Naik: 8.30 PM.
Monal Kumar: 2?
Krish Naik: 10.30 p.m. IST.
Krish Naik: And remember, in Wednesday, we are not going to extend more.
Krish Naik: We will try to close it between 10… 8.30 to 10.30. We'll not take much session, but at least we'll try to cover one hour class.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Krish Naik: And then we'll be having the doubt clearing session. Now, the reason why we are doing this is that
Krish Naik: Because, see, from our experience from the 1.0 batch, right?
Krish Naik: Because of just taking two…
Krish Naik: Only in the weekends on Saturday and Sunday. We are not able to complete the syllabus, because holidays are coming in between.
Krish Naik: Right? Because of this, what has happened is that our batch has got delayed, and I don't want that thing to happen. You know, we want to take that speed of the batch, we want to complete it, and we want to give new things to you all.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Wednesday will be difficult for different time zone people. See, that only I'm telling you, Wednesday will be a kind of sessions where… which will not be that important, and that amount of syllabus will not get covered.
Krish Naik: Okay? We really want to keep that one-hour class.
Krish Naik: One to one and a half hour class. It is very, very simple.
Krish Naik: And because of this one we have already announced in the batch, like, in your, course, in Krishnak.in website, we have to take this, the reason is very simple, we'll not be able to complete the syllabus.
Krish Naik: If you want to complete the syllabus in 12 months, at least we need to go ahead and do this. So Wednesday, I think you need to manage it, but whenever there is a public holiday, we will be doing. See, Wednesday, when we go ahead and take this particular class, till Thursday, your dashboard will have that particular video.
Krish Naik: Right? You can go ahead and take it, take Thursday, Friday, and try to see what all things have been covered, okay?
Krish Naik: Now, whenever the classes gets over, right? Like, let's say this live session is basically getting over, after… within 24 hours.
Krish Naik: Your video will be available.
Krish Naik: in the dashboard. Now, you may be thinking, Krish, why not in 2 to 3 hours?
Krish Naik: Yeah, in 2-3 hours also, we can do it, okay? If we get the video directly from the Zoom quickly.
Krish Naik: Okay? If the video we get directly from the Zoom in that
Krish Naik: fast time, we'll be able to upload it. But what happens is that Zoom usually takes time for that particular rendering. So that is the reason we are saying within, within 24 hours, we will go ahead and put the videos in your dashboard, and that will be the recorded videos, okay?
Krish Naik: At any point of time, if you have any kind of concern, I will also talk about that, how you can also go ahead and communicate to us, okay?
Krish Naik: Clear, everyone, for here.
Krish Naik: How much, how many days, how long these recordings will be available? 4,000 days.
Krish Naik: For 1000 days, these recordings will be available.
Krish Naik: Okay? Thousand days. Now, the next question, Krish.
Krish Naik: Will you give us certification?
Krish Naik: And you know my answer. What should we do this, for this?
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: What should we do this?
Krish Naik: Should I give you certification?
Krish Naik: Sir, we don't want certificate, okay, good.
Krish Naik: No certification in Krishnak Academy.
Krish Naik: No certification in Krishnak Academy. What certificate I'll give you? You are the world's best data scientist, huh?
Krish Naik: written… given a signature by Krishnak, who am I to probably tell you you are the world's best data scientist, okay? It is based on your work. Monal, do you have any certificate? Monal is working for his client, like Apple and all, right?
Krish Naik: Did someone ask Munal, hey, are you the world's best data scientist? But he does a lot of tasks in his company.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Yeah, but some people may want to reimburse the money from the companies. At that point of time, we will definitely give you a course completion certificate.
Krish Naik: You can just contact our team, we'll give a format like that, where we are saying it'll be in a written letter, that you have probably put this much effort, this many number of hours of efforts, and you have completed that. If you want that, you can give me, so that you can submit to the company. No, in the LinkedIn, I want to put the certificate by putting nice,
Krish Naik: You know, what do we say? Mala and all? I don't want that one.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: I don't believe in certification. I believe in the kind of work that you basically do. So, no certification. If somebody's asking me certification, please.
Krish Naik: I'll make you a certification in Canva. You edit, you put your name, you take my signature also, no worries, okay? Nice, I'll give you the edited format online, directly from Canva. Anybody can edit and put their name.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Clear? So, this, no certification from my side. Something I… if I do not support, I'll definitely not give that. Okay? So certification work also is done. Clear?
Krish Naik: Okay, now… How many mentors are there, sir? Who all mentors will be there? Okay?
Krish Naik: So, for this entire batch, we have identified monol, Chris?
Krish Naik: That is myself.
Krish Naik: Sharon Shupal.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And we may bring Sunny or Mank.
Krish Naik: Now, the thing is, sir, who'll take what?
Krish Naik: So, monol will start with… Python.
Krish Naik: stats… Machine learning.
Krish Naik: NLP. NLP means NLP with machine learning, okay?
Krish Naik: Monol is very good at computer vision also.
Krish Naik: Okay? But… For computer vision, for deep learning, we'll bring Sharan Shopal.
Krish Naik: So for this, for deep learning part, we'll be bringing Paul.
Krish Naik: Krishnak, that is myself, I will come in.
Krish Naik: Gen AI.
Krish Naik: Okay, Gen AI. And then we may bring Sunny for Agentic AI.
Krish Naik: Now, you may be thinking, Krish, no, no, no, I want,
Krish Naik: I want Krisher's entire video. Many people will say that, okay?
Krish Naik: Let me tell you one thing, guys. Along with this, We provide… Free!
Krish Naik: Udemy courses, Recorded by Krisher.
Krish Naik: To everyone in this specific batch.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: In this batch, or in all the live bootcamps, whoever attends.
Krish Naik: We give our recordings specifically, okay? Specifically done by me. The reason why I want you all to learn from other mentors also, because these all are mentors who are working in industries.
Krish Naik: We're working with amazing use cases.
Krish Naik: My experience of teaching may differ from their experience of teaching.
Krish Naik: Right? They may have developed some more additional projects with new techniques, with what I usually develop.
Krish Naik: Okay? With what I usually develop. See, let me tell you. One of the problem statements that we are currently working on, right?
Krish Naik: is this.
Krish Naik: Si.
Krish Naik: I'm just showing the staging. So this is the new product that we'll be develop… coming up with soon.
Krish Naik: Industry-ready projects.
Krish Naik: Do you see this?
Krish Naik: Is this amazing or not?
Krish Naik: see this kind of industry-ready project. We are coming as a product, right? Right now it is in staging, not live, okay? So here you'll be able to see. And here, what we are doing is that.
Krish Naik: This will be only an industry-ready project. Whoever is only focused in developing industry-ready projects, they should only be taking this particular product. See this.
Krish Naik: Nice, right? And if you just go ahead and see anything, like, let's say if I'm going inside this, do you see this? This is how is the architecture that is developed.
Krish Naik: And to probably develop this product, I… I alone have not recorded this. We have so many people involved over here who are from industries.
Krish Naik: Here, we are not focusing on how you are teaching. Here, we are focusing on
Krish Naik: You may be thinking, sir, because the level of teaching over here will be very, very high.
Krish Naik: with the kind of projects that we have actually built. S3 bucket, MongoDB, like, we are talking about MongoDB, we are talking about high-level things, we are talking about high-level architecture. Do you see these architectures?
Krish Naik: Do you see this? GitHub, Dockers, registry, AWS ECR, why it is used?
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: And suddenly, some people will come and say, sir, I don't know how to create an environment.
Krish Naik: Now, what we should say with that?
Krish Naik: Sir, your mentor did not teach me how to create an environment.
Krish Naik: Right? So we want to bring up the best kind of experience for you, so that you learn in a way that
Krish Naik: You are able to understand things, right? So that's the reason we are bringing this kind of team, who are working together, and who are creating this specific impact.
Krish Naik: Agree, everyone? See, you go and see any projects, like, right now you'll not be able to see.
Krish Naik: See the architecture.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: isn't just amazing? If you see prerequisites, prerequisites, basic Python, familiarity, GitHub account.
Krish Naik: Curriculum, see, this is the curriculum, right? Interviews, project interviews also we are bringing up, okay? So this is the product that we are building, and it will be live on 22nd. And we are working on this. See, object detection with faster RCNN. See, over here, the architecture you see.
Krish Naik: Good, right?
Krish Naik: Now, this project also you'll be able to understand once you are very thorough with the basics of learning that we are actually doing in our batch.
Krish Naik: Agree?
Krish Naik: Okay? So this is what is the kind of thing, so that is the reason I'm focusing on multiple mentors who give… gives you best industry experience.
Krish Naik: Because 12 months batch is impossible just by one mentor to probably take. Both of you will become mad, student and mentor.
Krish Naik: Okay? No, no, product… the industry-ready project is a separate product, guys. We cannot include everything in such a small price. Try to understand. I think,
Krish Naik: Guys, how many, how many places you have seen that, what you pay for the product, you know, let's say live bootcamp, 12 months.
Krish Naik: In the internet, what price do you see, and what price do you see in our… in our, platform?
Krish Naik: Do you agree that we are selling so that we want to really teach people, right?
Krish Naik: Right? It's just like mentors like Monel, mentors like Sunny and all are there, who are trying to help and who are coming up with a common vision, right?
Krish Naik: That's the reason we are working together. We don't want to charge very high, because we believe that, okay, that much is not required. Yes, we want to make some profits so that we build things like this, like industry-ready projects. We bring more people who think like us, right? That's the reason we try to do that.
Krish Naik: Okay, but definitely, if… again, people say… in this also, people will say, sir, please provide some discount.
Krish Naik: Okay? There, also, we try to help them out, okay? That's the main thing about our site, right? If you go ahead and see Gen AI, GenTK, I know, right now, people are, like, putting lakhs and lakhs of rupees in this. I've seen multiple platforms, and when I see the content.
Krish Naik: Internally, I feel very sad.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Because that kind of content, is far… again, I don't want to put more points in that, but…
Krish Naik: Just in this only, no? And in this batch, we are going to include everything from RAG to Gen AI to Agentic AI, to… we will cover multiple frameworks, we'll do multiple things and all, right? So that… that is the thing that we really want to bring. We want people to learn.
Krish Naik: We want people to learn in such a way that they create impact in their companies, they do amazing work. That's the reason we are doing this, okay?
Krish Naik: Clear? So, all these things are there, we have also answered about certification, we have answered… These free Udemy courses.
Krish Naik: Once in every classes, this class I will not give, because I know in induction session, everybody will come.
Krish Naik: From next, session…
Krish Naik: Because I've seen, you know, initially people will join, then people, attendance will start reducing. So when people's attendance will start reducing, that time I'll share.
Krish Naik: I want you all to…
Krish Naik: I want you all to come and join the batch. There are thousand plus students, don't worry about the students, there are not thousand plus students also, right? Over here, right now. Okay, I can see the number directly on my eyes, okay? People are worried about that, sir, how many bache hai? Kese answer karoge.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Okay? We never give any kind of complaints, yeah? Some people will be there. That, even their parents and God can't help them. What… how can we help them? Okay? They're bringing all the frust… some people will come with a lot of frustration.
Krish Naik: Yeah, a lot of frustration, huh? It's our…
Krish Naik: Mirko, I have just attended his induction session, tomorrow only you'll make me a data scientist. It'll not be possible like that. Okay? So please, be patient, okay? Every time, and every month, we'll also keep some kind of hackathons, some kind of task.
Krish Naik: And there will be some rewards. And if you do well, you may also get hired
Krish Naik: In our company itself.
Krish Naik: In Krishnak Academy, where we are building products and all, right? You'll be hired over there. Okay?
Krish Naik: Okay, huh. Usually, whenever the class happens, let's say from 9am to 12pm, right? And after this, we start our doubt clearing session.
Krish Naik: In the doubt clearing session, what we do is that… We, first of all.
Krish Naik: Allow people to raise their hand. Not now. In the doubt clearing, okay? When people raise their hand, we unmute them, and we allow to talk them, we… if they want to share the screen, they can share the screen, and we'll try to answer them also. Okay?
Krish Naik: But, over here, Over here, you have to wait.
Krish Naik: Okay? You have to wait. See, the thing is that, if you want to provide the best experience, we need to talk with everyone. Everybody wants to talk, right? So there will be a long list of line people waiting, right? They'll be raising their hands, one person will be asking that out, it may go to 2 to 3 minutes.
Krish Naik: And we have also seen, like, if 100 people have the doubt, right?
Krish Naik: Everybody will… more than 50% of the doubts will be common.
Krish Naik: More than 50% of the doubts will be common, so please listen to every other doubts also. I know you may get frustrated, you need to wait for some time. Please…
Krish Naik: Just be with that frustration for some days, because after some days, that all will get reduced.
Krish Naik: Okay? And people, when you hear this 50% of the common doubts, your query will be resolved. Then also, there will be many people we want to talk to Krista, we want to talk to Monalsa, just for our satisfaction. Just wait, okay? And…
Krish Naik: In this doubt clearing, we want to, first of all, give preference to other people who are from countries who are joining at late night or early mornings, okay? So please also take care for that particular time span, because we will be giving them preferences first, okay? Like, US people will be there, they will be coming up late night or early in the morning, so we'll clear the doubts very much quickly, so that they can go ahead and do this. That is basic humanity.
Krish Naik: Guys, we cannot enforce someone to be staying at night, because they also do not have any other option, right? People who are learning from there, they're learning for some reason, right? They may be from other countries, because of cost factor, because of other things. So let's be together. At the end of the day, we are one kind of family, right? We want to learn in a way that everybody achieves some kind of goal, right?
Krish Naik: So please try to do in that particular way. Be thoughtful, be kind to each other, right? If one person is learning, one person is getting the doubt cleared, be happy for them, right? Similarly, your doubts will also get cleared. But, unless and until all your doubts are not cleared, we will not close the session.
Krish Naik: That, I will compulsory, give you a, you know, foolproof answer for that. Whatever doubts is there, please wait. We will answer everybody's doubt over there.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: I think everything is covered, Mona, anything that is remaining?
Monal Kumar: No, sir, everything is clear.
Krish Naik: Yay.
Krish Naik: -
Krish Naik: Okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: Do's and don'ts. Okay.
Krish Naik: Do's and don'ts.
Krish Naik: The first thing.
Krish Naik: Whenever the mentor is teaching, Just focus on the screen.
Krish Naik: Focus on the screen.
Krish Naik: In between, you may have queries.
Krish Naik: Please wait.
Krish Naik: When mentor is teaching for 20 minutes, then he'll ask, do you have any queries? If many people say, no queries.
Krish Naik: then he will continue. If many people say, yes, there is a query, you need to make us understand this topic again, then the mentor will again explain it. Okay? If some of the people are there, no, sir, we are not able to understand. Some people, many people says yes, will continue. But in the doubt clearing, we'll again clarify those. Okay?
Krish Naik: Okay, one more thing, huh, and one more thing. With respect to do's and don'ts, right? In between, nobody's going to unmute you.
Krish Naik: So please make sure that nobody… just focus on the screen, focus on your learning itself. That is very much required.
Krish Naik: Now, if you go to the dashboard.
Krish Naik: Do you see this, resources section, right? So, after every module or every class that is uploaded in the resources section, you'll be able to see the resources also, and materials also. Okay? The mentor will keep on sharing.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Perfect, I think, we're good, now, what I will do…
Krish Naik: I think we can start taking that out, Gang, right?
Krish Naik: Yes. Mona? Yes.
Monal Kumar: Yes, sure, sir.
Krish Naik: Okay. Monal, you just unmute one person, and, at a time, wait, I'll first of all give you the host access.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Alright, yes.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so… Jagiraju? Ajog Raju? Yes.
JOGIraju: Hi, Chris. Hello.
JOGIraju: Thanks for class. So, actually, basically, I'm just working in, MNC company. We started to use the RAG kind of model to build the projects in this current month.
JOGIraju: Next one.
JOGIraju: So, I joined this course, I have a good and basic understanding of RAG model, how to implement, what to implement, and everything.
Monal Kumar: So, this class will teach from basics to, rag model also, we'll be covering in this particular part, right? Yes.
JOGIraju: Yes, yes. So, it will take some time to get the track and other things to happen in this class.
Monal Kumar: Yep, yep.
JOGIraju: Yeah. So, is there any way that, there is another RAG courses going on parallelly, right? So, is that, some kind of, things we can go ahead there, we need to purchase it?
JOGIraju: Or such kind of, Krishna had told us there are some kind of UDME courses which he already developed.
JOGIraju: So, we can get that kind of stuff, so that in parallel, because we are not… we are experienced people, so we cannot wait, till so long time. So, if there is any parallel kind of approach, or, we need to purchase a thing, or we'll get a good kind of stuff for material in ODMI, or some kind, right? If we can share it early, or next, ask Chris, tell…
JOGIraju: Told not in this particular step.
Krish Naik: Next week in class, I'll share it.
JOGIraju: Next or next week, so that we will be in touch with the standards of our organization, and the same with the current environment, whatever we have.
Krish Naik: Yes, yes. Next weekend, so… okay?
Krish Naik: Okay, there is also one more thing, right? We run something called as AI Pro, okay?
JOGIraju: Okay. In AIPro, there is a plan.
Krish Naik: Where, like, let's say, there is some price for that, okay? If you have joined 2.0 Ultimate Data Science.
JOGIraju: Yeah.
Krish Naik: 2.2 Ultimate Data Science minus price, remaining what is there, you give it, and you get access to all the batches.
JOGIraju: For a yearly subscription basis.
JOGIraju: Okay, okay.
Monal Kumar: So whether it is RAG, whether it is Agentic AI, whether it is any kind of batch, you can go ahead and access it, okay? But again, with all these things, Udemy will definitely come for free.
Krish Naik: I'm telling you.
JOGIraju: Yeah, yeah, sure, sure. Only that because in middle, we need to develop the projects, we cannot wait till last minute.
Krish Naik: Agree, agree.
JOGIraju: Yeah, so that kind, if you can… because, you, you're amazing that I never went into this type of courses, but yeah, after seeing your YouTube video for a few things, I just joined it with no… with no one coordination or contact.
JOGIraju: So, just I want to explore on the more, updated, industry updates and everything I just want to learn, so that, again…
Krish Naik: Like, parallelly, right now at 9 o'clock, another rack batch is going on.
JOGIraju: Yeah.
Krish Naik: of that. And there, we are teaching everybody, rack from basics and scratch, you know? So, just have a look, like, talk to the counseling team, they'll help you out with this, okay?
JOGIraju: Thank you, thank you very much.
Krish Naik: Yeah, I couldn't.
Monal Kumar: Thank you very much. Yes. All right, so we have Ravi next. Hey, Ravi.
Ravi USA: Yeah.
Ravi USA: Hi, Molan. Hi, Krish. So, I have a couple of questions. So, first thing, like, like, if we are focused on agentic AI or becoming an AI engineer, or an AI architect, generative AI, so how much of this, this concept related to, to machine learning and, related to deep learning, or
Ravi USA: How much of the, like, or the supervised learning, all these models that you teach.
Ravi USA: Like, how much are they required for a generative AI engineer? And how much can we… does it not require?
Monal Kumar: Understood, sure, sure. I will tell you. Okay, so if I talk about current market, we do have very few positions, but that is not going to be the case in future, that is Agentic AI Engineer. For me, personally.
Monal Kumar: there is a big, importance for AI engineer, okay? Agentic AI engineer, let's remove that tag from the job profile. There is something called as AI Engineer, which is on the top of AI, alright? That person should know everything. So, AI engineer, in 2026,
Monal Kumar: are expected to know agentic AI. It also means that that engineer tomorrow… because you are working… you're going to work with multiple clients, right? But tomorrow, you have a data requirement, and there you require a machine learning also. Then what you will do, you cannot say to a client or a company that I don't know machine learning or deep learning. I only know agentic AI.
Monal Kumar: Are you able to understand? So, if you are restricting yourself only for agentic and RAG, you will not be able to solve the problem of data science. Guys, this is about problem statement, it is not about tech. If you want to excel in your career, you have to be engineer, and engineer solves everything.
Monal Kumar: You cannot just restrict yourself that I only know agentic AI, and that's all.
Monal Kumar: No, that's not how industry works. Tomorrow, you run some X project, which only requires agentic.
Monal Kumar: it might be possible that the next project is for deep learning, where you're only going to work with computer vision. Then what you will do? No, sir, I don't know computer vision. You cannot say this to a company or your…
Monal Kumar: company, right? You cannot say this to a team or company that I don't know certain things. So, if you have a capability of, engineer, you have skill set of an engineer in 2026,
Monal Kumar: Then, you will be able to solve anything.
Monal Kumar: So, does this answer your question, Ravi?
Ravi USA: Yes, yeah, I also want to, like, ask about, see, this is my understanding, maybe I could be wrong, we can type that. See, for agentic AI or AI engineer, let's say they are talking about fine-tuning, they talk about some more specialized things which are not in the skill set of a traditional machine learning engineer. So, like, the focus of this batch is everything, or, like, even
Ravi USA: the fine-tuning, or even the cloud deployment, and even the scaling and everything, or the focus is, like, a generic AI and ML engineer?
Monal Kumar: No, focus is on gen… Focus is on how to become an AI engineer. That's what our focus is. But if you want to be more specialized, that is, AI engineer who knows fine-tuning of LLMs, that is a specialization that we also provide, but that specialization we cannot cover. Otherwise, that will be 6 months. But… and we're also talking about load balancing and other things, those are a part of MLOps, LLMOps.
Monal Kumar: So, a generic AI engineer, but a great machine learning engineer, deep learning engineer, is what you're going to get.
Monal Kumar: It's thought you are going to be here.
Monal Kumar: So, machine learning, deep learning, AI, gen AI, all those parts you're going to cover, but if you want to be very specific that, sir, I want to create a computer vision model, like generative models, right? I want to train my own transformer and create some large language model, then that is a specialization of Gen AI that you have to go inside.
Monal Kumar: what is LLM, how to train LLMs, what are LLMs, how to create a project out of it, how to be industry-ready, so you, if tomorrow you have an interview, once this course is completed, right, you will be able to clear that is what this level is going to bring you.
Monal Kumar: All right?
Ravi USA: Yeah, yeah, thank you. And one more thing, I think a request for Krishna, right? So, I'm in the AI Pro plan, actually, like, but, actually, I just recently started this, like, three… one month ago, but this course started now. Like, the problem with the AI Pro plan is it will expire, like, within 365 days, and I'm a bit scared that I will lose the access to everything, including this patch, because
Ravi USA: I am following this. Like, is it possible if you have an AI program.
Krish Naik: See, again, I'll tell you, Rami, the main thing is, no, this one year is also more than sufficient sometimes. It is, like, how regularly you are studying.
Krish Naik: Okay? The reason why we have kept one-year subscription, we did not increase it, because there are many changes that are happening.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Krish Naik: So, many changes when they are happening, no? We are going to repeat this batch again and again.
Monal Kumar: It'll be.
Krish Naik: Like, once in a year, we are launching this batch, but other batches will repeat it. The reason is the frequent changes are basically coming in the libraries, okay? But I'll just talk to my team whether I can increase from 1 year to 1.5 years, that I'll check, okay?
Ravi USA: Yeah, like, something like recorded sessions, I mean, not for all the batches, all the batches.
Krish Naik: Currently, I'm telling you, all the Udemy courses I'm providing in the form of recordings to you.
Ravi USA: Okay, at anybody.
Krish Naik: Udemy is for a lifetime, okay? That is free for you all.
Ravi USA: Okay, yeah, thank you, Krish. Like, I just don't want to miss the continuity, that's the reason why I'm just asking. Gotcha, gotcha.
Krish Naik: Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so there is one chat that, guys, you can get AI Pro anytime, in between course, after course, right now as well, so it's totally up to you, just contact our team, and they will be able to help you on that.
Krish Naik: Wait, wait, I'll just send you the team number so that you can just talk to them at any point of time, Sean or Darius, it is up to you.
Krish Naik: But, again, sometimes over-commitment, don't over-commit yourself, start with a basic, then if you are… if you are… if you are good enough, then go ahead.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Krish Naik: So you can call this number, everyone, okay?
Krish Naik: I've provided the number also.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: Ishan is our counseling team, so yeah, continue, Mona. Allow.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so next we have a Thanodry.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yeah, not able to hear you.
Atanu Roy: Am I audible this time?
Monal Kumar: You're audible, you're audible. Hello, how are you?
Atanu Roy: Thank you. Yeah, I am doing good. So, just I have a basic question. Actually, honestly, we… I am eager to learn being a novice, okay? Like, I have just basic understanding of Python.
Atanu Roy: honest confession, sir, like, I don't have much understanding of AI, but I want to transition. So, like, I definitely look forward to this course and commit myself to
Atanu Roy: brush and take up these things. Just wanted to know, like, whenever the sessions are going on, like, whatever projects we would be building, or whatever practice we would be doing.
Atanu Roy: like, any kind of hardware specifications that we need in our personal laptops, or we would be getting some online cloud-based simulator kind of things.
Monal Kumar: Share the time.
Monal Kumar: Okay. So, first of all, I want to answer your first question that, you want to learn as a… from the novice level, right?
Monal Kumar: And trust me that this course has no prerequisite. If there is some prerequisite, I'm also going to cover even from the computer science background point of view. Not just data science, but I will also cover from the computer science day point of view, if that requires in the course. If, because
Monal Kumar: How we teach is, we don't teach just from the syllabus. Syllabus is there, guys. Syllabus, everything we're going to complete. But if you guys require something that you're not able to understand, it might be possible 20% of people does not know something. Then we will also tease that so that we will be able to complete the syllabus.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So it's not like we… whatever is there, we are going to escape it, or we are not going to add anything. It totally depends on the badge how people are. Alright? Does this answer your questions? First question?
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: Alright? Second is, from the hardware perspective, don't worry about it. We will be showing you multiple methods, you just need to have a basic laptop. I'm not seeing i5, i7. I will share one post where I've written all of these things, based on your budget. If you already have a laptop, don't worry about it. If you… if it requires later in the stage, maybe after this course, you want… you think that, now I want to go into the specialization and build more things.
Monal Kumar: Again, there are more ways in cloud where you can subscribe and do… learn all of those things, practice all of those things, but for now, it is not required. Maybe later, you can also ask the same question, and I will be able to help you. But, don't worry about it now.
Atanu Roy: Yeah, yeah. Just, I was worried, like, if things comes up all of a sudden, then, I mean, better planning should be done, that's it.
Monal Kumar: If you're able to… if you're able to run Google Chrome with 10 tabs, 20 tabs, then probably you will be able to, learn from this course, alright?
Monal Kumar: At least at the initial part of it. But later part, we will show you Colab and a lot of amazing things, which is already free, of course, alright?
Atanu Roy: Yeah, yeah, shit.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure, thanks.
Atanu Roy: Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yes, next we have Surya. Surya?
Monal Kumar: And guys, whoever is done, please unraise your hand, so that we can see clearly here, alright? Yeah, Surya, you're next.
Monal Kumar: Julia? Are you there? Alright, in the meantime, Deepak, you're next.
Monal Kumar: Deepbook?
Deepak: Thanks, Chris, sir. Thanks, Mono, for giving me an opportunity to talk. So, basically, what I wanted to check on a few things. I am posting some question on a chart. Yes. So, will all be addressed, or some… something which is very important will be get addressed?
Monal Kumar: No, no, no, it's not like that. See, a lot of the times, what we have seen that, because we have a lot of people, if someone… if someone pings in the chat section, right, what happens is that the chat gets scrolled on top, and we are not able to see in our current sprint.
Monal Kumar: So, from your side, what I am requesting, what we are requesting is that, again, copy and paste the same thing, so that until and unless that query is cleared. But what we are saying from our side is that every query will get cleared.
Monal Kumar: Alright? But because of the technical things, because the things get scrolled up, we will not be able to see, but everything will be answered in the chat section, or at the end of the class, we will raise the hand, just like this one, and I will be answering your question.
Deepak: Thank you, thank you so much. So, basically, transition into the AI field, so I, I came up with a lot of, doubts there, but only with the name of the Chris, sir, which I have heard into the industry most… most of the time, so that's why I enrolled with this. So, coming from the…
Deepak: QA background, moving to the, AI field, how will this transition will get happened? So, what, what all help…
Monal Kumar: We will make it happen. We will help you, you will make it happen, and don't worry. See, here, when you learn from us, we just… we don't just teach you to become a data scientist, we teach you to become engineer.
Monal Kumar: And if you're an engineer in this field, you develop something, you build something, and if you're able to do that, you can transition.
Monal Kumar: That's what we do, actually.
Deepak: Alright?
Monal Kumar: Don't just focus on exact job role, just keep learning from us, keep building, keep doing whatever the assignments and everything, and you will be able to achieve what you want.
Monal Kumar: Your goals might change also in the minute of the course, so don't worry about it, but this is for everyone, guys. Everyone will be able to go where they… everyone will be able to achieve their goals.
Monal Kumar: But you just need to work on yourself, alright? This is what we will say.
Monal Kumar: Everything is possible, yeah.
Deepak: Okay, so basically, if I want to, connect with one-to-one with you, or Chrysler, or anyone, so, can we do it here, or we, in a loud section, or…
Monal Kumar: This is the main channel where it will happen, okay? This is the main channel where it will happen, and also in the community, see, there are a lot of people in the community who is already in the data field, but they want to learn more advanced things. So what they will do, what you will do, you will, raise a question there, okay? You will ask a question there, other people might be able to help you. And I have seen people… I personally know people who have transitioned from HR
Monal Kumar: Alright? And one-to-one is something… currently, we are one-to-many, alright? So, yes, so this is how we will be doing it, mostly, but if you have a pretty serious concern that tomorrow you have an interview, and you want to ask something, you can literally ping me in LinkedIn, and I will be answering your query. I personally help a lot of people who have this last-minute question for the interview, for everything. So, guys, we will help you.
Deepak: Okay, so it would be helpful if we get all the LinkedIn IDs of you, whatever.
Monal Kumar: I will provide, but in the syllabus also, you will see there is a link of all the mentors in the LinkedIn. If you click it, you will be redirected to the LinkedIn page, because a lot of the mentors are not available in this session, but in the syllabus, everything is there, alright?
Deepak: Okay, okay, thank you so much, thank you, Lord.
Monal Kumar: Thanks, Deepak. Thank you. Yes, Surya, you are next.
Monal Kumar: Gloria, are you there? And guys, whoever a query is done, please unraise your hand so that we can see clearly.
Monal Kumar: Guys, if you have doubt… currently, we are focusing on doubt. This is what… the introduction session is just about how you're going to process all of these, places, different tabs, different sections of our things. And if you're clear, and if you don't have doubt.
Monal Kumar: You can stay, or you can enjoy your weekend, but yes, Wednesday, guys, we'll be starting… we'll be starting with, whoever is staying till now. Wednesday, we'll be starting the installation.
Monal Kumar: And, you will see… you will get the meeting links also, with that time.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
Monal Kumar: Yes, okay. Next is… Deva?
DevaChamanchi: Hey.
Monal Kumar: Deva? Hello, Paige.
DevaChamanchi: Yeah, I just wanted to know, I heard, like, there are multiple parts of learning, right? One is traditional way of starting with the, data science, Python and data science.
DevaChamanchi: And, I think I saw somewhere the flow diagram, where you can start with the traditional way, or you can directly jump on and go with the modern way of starting with the, GenAI rag and ATK.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
DevaChamanchi: So, how would… how is that… when… when do we…
Monal Kumar: Alright, alright, okay. Okay, I think the best thing to show you, okay, let me just show you this.
Monal Kumar: Just give me a second, alright?
DevaChamanchi: Sure.
Monal Kumar: Give me a second… Alright, let me share my screen, and then this will, help you
Monal Kumar: Help answer everyone. I hope everyone is able to see my screen. Others, guys.
DevaChamanchi: Yep.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so guys, this is the roadmap which I have created. You can see this on my LinkedIn as well, and here you can see that it also applies to 2026 as well. Here you can see Agentic AI Engineer.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So you can literally go to agentic AI Engineer, and you can see that here we need to know agents and rack, which is not a traditional machine learning. You can see machine learning is also great here. It means it is not a requirement. But you should know how to communicate with LLMs, that is prompt engineering, you should know Python, you should have a little bit of software engineering. So here, machine learning is not required.
Monal Kumar: You can choose any of the specialization. You can also remove the JNEI component also.
Monal Kumar: But if you want to focus on agents and regs, you can become an engineer, but this is a minimum requirement. But whoever wants to excel in their career, do you want minimum requirements, guys?
Monal Kumar: Sir, you're not audible.
Krish Naik: Am I audible now?
Krish Naik: Munel, I've given you the link, just seen the.
Monal Kumar: Alright. Yes, yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: Alright, yes.
Krish Naik: Go down, this you can show. Wait, wait, wait, go up, go up, go up, go up, go up, yeah, this one, yeah, this one you can show.
Monal Kumar: All right, yes. Okay, yes, everyone is able to see this also. This is from Krishna, okay?
Monal Kumar: So, based on your… this is the advanced route, modern route, traditional route, this is the traditional route, alright? In the modern route, you can see generative AI you can learn, you can master generative AI, you can add Agent TKI and become generative AI engineer, alright? There are different, different paths to it. So, here, you can see that it does not require your machine learning, it does not require your deep learning, alright? But you can also go to this vein.
Monal Kumar: But, as I'm saying, that…
Monal Kumar: Guys, in industry, do you want to become, do you want to excel, or do you want to just become the basic or the ideal version of it?
Monal Kumar: Tell me, do you want to become the minimum requirement, or do you want to be an advanced user of all of these things? Tell me in the chat.
Monal Kumar: excel in industry, alright? So, for someone who wants to… this is…
DevaChamanchi: Sorry to cut you, Monol, can I say something here?
Monal Kumar: okay, yes, you can see?
DevaChamanchi: Yeah, no, the point I wanted to understand is, as part of this course, do we have multiple options to choose, or are we going to…
Krish Naik: No, they were, they were, see, I will tell you, okay? See, this course is about traditional route, okay? Yes. Like, how we will be covering things in the traditional route. Now, the question is that, do we have any modern route and all also?
Krish Naik: Okay, do we also go ahead with modern route, or do we teach this advanced route also? Yes, we have parallel batches, where we teach modern route and advanced route also. Okay? So, for all these three categories, we do take sessions with respect to this.
Krish Naik: Now, for 2.0 Ultimate Data Science, we are only going to follow the traditional route.
Krish Naik: But, if you want to also want to quickly go to the modern route, that is the reason why I said that we will be providing recorded videos.
DevaChamanchi: Yeah, got it correctly. Thank you, Chris.
Krish Naik: recorded videos in Udemy.
Krish Naik: Live session recorded videos is also provided till Deep Learning. So, this LearnDS fundamental is ready, okay? Now, next month, we are coming up with this Modern Route Batch.
Krish Naik: specific batch, where we are going to start with generative AI, mastering generative AI, adding agentic AI. This is the next month, we are coming up, and this is a separate batch altogether.
Krish Naik: Okay? So, what we are doing is that we are trying to create 3 pipelines with respect to this particular track, okay? That's the reason why I'm saying that people who are interested to quickly go in any of the tracks, they can go ahead and prefer the AI Pro batch. Agree?
DevaChamanchi: Agreed.
Krish Naik: Yeah, so that… that is what I was trying to, actually.
DevaChamanchi: Thank you.
Krish Naik: teleport, yeah?
DevaChamanchi: Right.
Monal Kumar: Right?
Monal Kumar: Alright, so Krisha cleared our doubt. I hope everyone is clear.
DevaChamanchi: Take a.
Monal Kumar: Yes, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Alright, next we have Umang. Umang, you are next.
Monal Kumar: Hello?
Monal Kumar: Among your voice is very low.
umang: Hello, am I audible now?
Monal Kumar: Yes, it is better. Yes. What is the query?
umang: Yes, I had a concern relating to projects. Will any of the projects will be covered in this.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, we cover projects. Without projects, we cannot complete the course.
Monal Kumar: Alright, leave it.
umang: And it's, we do understand the concept, but sometimes we are not able to apply it in projects.
Monal Kumar: Don't worry, don't worry, you will never fix this issue, alright?
Monal Kumar: As I mentioned, our target is not to teach you, our target is to make you an engineer. And trust me, when you're an engineer, you can build things. You will be able to do it alone.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
Monal Kumar: Anything else, Meng?
umang: No, no.
Monal Kumar: Alright, that's great.
Monal Kumar: Okay, Surya?
Monal Kumar: What is the query?
Monal Kumar: Surya, we still can't hear you.
Monal Kumar: Something is wrong with your mic.
Monal Kumar: Alright, guys, serious knowledge, something happened with… It's like, okay, Shiva.
Monal Kumar: Tibra Subarmanyan. Yes, you're next.
Monal Kumar: Female.
Siva Subramanian: Hello?
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: We can hear you.
Siva Subramanian: Yes, Modal. I have a doubt, regarding that, I was a BPO background, working in 24 Basin project. Saturdays and days, I won't be, unable to take a live session. Is, that recording, will be available,
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Siva Subramanian: Huh.
Monal Kumar: The recording will always be available after the… see, we told that within 24 hours, we will process the recordings. That is our ATA, okay? You will see the recording after… and once the recording is uploaded, you can watch it, and yes, you can revise it again, so…
Monal Kumar: You will be on track.
Siva Subramanian: under, and, if I have a daughter, I can, contact us, so… Okay.
Monal Kumar: So for us, for that, that is our communities there, right? You can… you can question, we will be there to answer, and again, as I'm… as Krishna mentioned, that it's not just for high and hello. We should not even do high and hello. We should ask serious questions there in the community, alright? So, please do that.
Siva Subramanian: Alright, and also.
Monal Kumar: Wednesday, we have, in a different time, right? So you can also join the Wednesday classes.
Monal Kumar: Huh. You get your party.
Siva Subramanian: Yeah, sure, model. And another question I have, as you said, there is a traditional method and a modern method, advanced method. If I… just now, we are starting from scratch for us. And, if I want to do a rest of the session, this course will be continuing to, that pathway, or else, yeah.
Monal Kumar: It will always… this course will always… will always run on the traditional path, alright? Because the traditional path is where you make your base, alright? Base, understand everything.
Monal Kumar: And if you want to jump from the base, but want to… is interested in building things, then you can jump to the modern way. Modern way is more focused on building things, solving things. Traditional way is more about, there is a difference between a researcher and an engineer, right? So traditional way makes you, between researcher and engineer.
Monal Kumar: And the modern way makes you kind of an engineer.
Monal Kumar: All right.
Siva Subramanian: Yes, whether we need to pay, the price, or else, if any discount will be available.
Monal Kumar: For which one? For any query on those things, you can contact our team, alright? And they will be able to help you.
Monal Kumar: I think Krisha already mentioned the…
Monal Kumar: Number of the support team, right?
Siva Subramanian: Okay.
Monal Kumar: counseling team. So, you can check our counseling team, and they will be able to help you in any query on,
Monal Kumar: On these courses and prices of it. Alright?
Siva Subramanian: Yeah, bye.
Monal Kumar: We'll be able to guide. Yes, yes, sure, she will.
Monal Kumar: Alright.
Monal Kumar: So… On this album?
Monal Kumar: Sorry if I'm not pronouncing your name correctly.
Monal Kumar: Hello? Yes, you can… you're un… you are already unmuted.
Monal Kumar: Guys, class recorded will be available to everyone.
Monal Kumar: Can you hear me now? Yes, yes, I can hear you. Yeah, hi. Hi, Mona. Hello.
Pandiselvam: Yeah, thank you, thanks for the session, and yeah, I… before, I have so many questions, so I got clarified from most of them.
Pandiselvam: The one final question is, yeah, I am currently working for a manual testing, so even dot pointer level, I don't have idea about the coding knowledge.
Pandiselvam: So, before I was reaching out to the counseling team, before I was joining the session, they completely telling me that there is no prerequest, so everything will be covered in the session. Yeah, to understand, definitely I'm eager to waiting to learn this from you people.
Pandiselvam: And one more thing is, okay, if I am learning today, okay, and you are giving some assignment, so I have done my part, how you can evaluate, and how you can guide me, and what is the output, and .
Monal Kumar: I will tell you. See, now that we have LLMs also, right, I will tell you, I will give everyone a prompt, alright, when the time comes, and evaluation will happen automatically, okay? So don't worry about that.
Monal Kumar: Now you have a lot of mentors in your hand. Everyone has a lot of mentors in their hand, called as LLMs, right?
Monal Kumar: And, yep.
Monal Kumar: So, don't worry, we will find a better way, but for sure, no one will be left out, everyone will be able to learn, and also understand from their mistakes also, so don't worry, okay?
Pandiselvam: Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, this is the question here. Thanks for answering.
Monal Kumar: Yes, sure.
Pandiselvam: Have a good day.
Monal Kumar: Yes, you too have a good day.
Monal Kumar: Okay, she is,
Monal Kumar: How to access class recording, please clarify. All right, Sri, Krisha already showed you, but I will also
Monal Kumar: revise it again. See everyone, anyone who has doubt on class recording, guys, this is your course section, this is what everyone will be able to see, but not all of that, but you will be able to see your courses. You can see, this is 2.2 Ultimate Data Science, this is your course. What you will do, you will…
Monal Kumar: go to this course, and this is your dashboard, alright? This is your dashboard. Today, we don't have any recordings available because this is the first session, but once that is done, you will see recorded sessions here.
Monal Kumar: Alright? Everyone will be able to see a new section here where all the recorded, all the live lectures that are recorded will be present here.
Monal Kumar: Alright, everyone clear?
Monal Kumar: Guys, I will share my LinkedIn profile, don't worry. Okay, so this answers Sri's question.
Monal Kumar: Okay, next we have Ujwal. Ujwal, you are next.
Monal Kumar: Guys, you always get notes, PDF, whatever we are writing, whatever we are writing code or writing things in the notepad, you will get PDF of those as a resource. Don't worry, we'll tell you as well.
Krish Naik: I'm gonna tell you one more point about knowledge sharing, you know? Posting in the LinkedIn, how to… Yes, yes. Probably take a couple of minutes session on that.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure. All right, okay, before, Uchwell, just, I want to pause you for a minute, and then…
Ujjwal: Okay.
Monal Kumar: tell you one very important thing to everyone. Guys.
Monal Kumar: We live in social media era, okay? Everything HRC managers see, whatever they are able to see, they will interact with that.
Monal Kumar: And if you're someone who is… there are a lot of people who are introverts. Even I was introvert before, and… but if you're not interacting with the social media, social media cannot interact with you. And who are social media? Who is social media? Other people around us, right? Other people around us.
Monal Kumar: If you don't interact, trust me, I got my first freelancing gig, freelancing job, from social media, from LinkedIn.
Monal Kumar: So, if you want, if you want all of these opportunities, if you want other people to see you, that Krishna is mentioning, that we should share knowledge.
Monal Kumar: Alright? You should tell us that, okay, this is what I was able to learn from this class, this is what I'm going to post. But post in such a manner that other people want to read. I will also tell you how to post and how to create good posts. It only takes 3-4 minutes in the class, but I will only do it for one time, alright? Everyone should know how to do all of that. But if you don't share your learning, other people will never know that you are in the learning phase. What happens if someone wants an intern?
Monal Kumar: They will only see people if I go to the LinkedIn and search for machine learning. I will also see posts for people who has tagged machine learning, who has learned from these places, who is writing machine learning, yes? Guys, agree or not? Write in the chat.
Monal Kumar: If I want to get a PDF, just like a Google search, right? If I want to search something, those people, those links should come up, and if you're not coming up on those links, on those searches, it means you are already losing the opportunity.
Monal Kumar: So, this is pretty serious. I also tell this… I also told this in the previous batch, and people are doing it, people are interacting, and they get really, really good results. People interact, they get to know a lot of managers, their managers are interacting, other people are interacting. So, if you want opportunities, if you…
Monal Kumar: It's not like, once the course is completed, then I will start posting. No.
Monal Kumar: That is not how things work. People are not waiting for you. You are waiting for opportunities, and that's what you should do.
Monal Kumar: So everyone, will… will tell you what exactly how you should prepare things, how you should post things, but be, ready to post things, be ready to not be an introvert, at least on the social media. Is everyone clear?
Monal Kumar: Is everyone clear?
Monal Kumar: Alright? Yes. So, this is what everyone should be doing. I will tell you from the next one.
Monal Kumar: All right.
Krish Naik: And please do make sure to tag us, so that we reshare the post. We try to bring more of your posts towards the audience, right? Who will be our common followers or connections. Okay?
Monal Kumar: Yes, because guys, if you don't tag us, if you're not able to see, people, someone who has a lot of, followers, a lot of people.
Monal Kumar: If they comment or interact with your post, other people will also be able to see your post. So, we don't want other people to not see your post. We want other people to see it. So, whenever someone tags me, Krishna, or any mentors in the Christian Academy, we interact with that post, and you guys will be able to see that. Other people will also be able to see your most. You will have more impressions.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
Monal Kumar: So guys, induction class will also be uploaded, alright?
Monal Kumar: Okay, next one.
Monal Kumar: Sudhir. Okay, sorry, Ojwal. Ojwal, you are the first one. Yes.
Ujjwal: Hi, Monal. Hi, Kish.
Ujjwal: Mona just wanted to understand, like, how much of a mathematics concept is involved here, and which are the topics we should brush up in them for the maths?
Monal Kumar: Basic mathematics, yes. First, complete your course,
Ujjwal: And is MCPs also getting covered in this course?
Monal Kumar: Okay, Uchwell, have you checked the syllabus?
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: So, in the syllabus, we are also completing MCP. I was just checking that, because we do have a lot of parallel classes. MCP is going to cover, that is the second question. First is.
Monal Kumar: Mathematics, you should know… the basic mathematics, at least you should know what is… we are not focusing on trigonometry, but whoever completed trigonometry, there are basic mathematics classes like matrix multiplication. Don't worry, we will again teach what are the formulas we'll be using to do the multiplication, but for the familiarity.
Monal Kumar: If you have completed your 9th and 10th grade, then you… it will be more than enough.
Monal Kumar: Okay, we will teach you from other, we will teach you further.
Monal Kumar: Is that clear, Virgil?
Ujjwal: Yeah, so, related to stats, like mean, median mode, all those things you will be covering, or we should be pretty.
Monal Kumar: Everything. Everything.
Monal Kumar: We will literally, for the initial 6 months, we will literally spoon-feed every piece of information.
Monal Kumar: Then later, we want you to make a… become engineer, then the advanced part will come, alright?
Monal Kumar: Thank you. This is for everyone. Yes, sure, RJ.
Ujjwal: Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Next, we have, Sudhir.
Monal Kumar: So then, you're.
Sudheer Kumar: Hi, Manal, are you able to hear me?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, I can hear you.
Sudheer Kumar: Hi, Krisha. So, I have one question, actually. So, I am also an experienced person. So, currently, I'm working under VBA Project, Visual Basic Application.
Sudheer Kumar: So, currently, whatever the product which I'm working, it is more than, I think, 4 to 6 months, then they will ramp up that project, so I need to jump into other projects.
Sudheer Kumar: So, the meantime, whatever the course which I'm learning right now, right, so maybe 4-6 months, so will I be able to jump into that, data science journey after I…
Sudheer Kumar: months. Will I be able to try?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, you will be able to try it. See, in the first initial six months, you will be able to understand machine learning and LP also, okay? And trust me that in any organization, there is around 50% to 60% scope for machine learning.
Monal Kumar: Right now, every project is Agentic EI rag. That is around 40-50%, but half of that is also machine learning, analysis, and all of those things that we will be learning in the first half of the course.
Sudheer Kumar: Okay, because I am from the scratch of this Python and all those things, that's the reason I'm specifically asking this question.
Monal Kumar: Oh, no, don't worry, you will be able to jump. We are teaching in a way that you cover… that we will cover all the advanced part of it also, so in detail. So, maybe even the machine learning engineers will know less than you will be learning from here. So, that part we can guarantee.
Sudheer Kumar: Okay, okay.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, okay. Thanks so much. Yes, you're welcome. Rohit?
Monal Kumar: Rohit, you're next.
Monal Kumar: Alright, after Rohit, we have Sankal. Sankal?
Rohit 9035527351: Sorry, can you hear me? Can you hear me now?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, Rohit, I can hear you.
Rohit 9035527351: Yeah, so, sir, my… I have a buddy with basic, question, and
Rohit 9035527351: Sir, what is the difference between this giant, like, agentic AI and gen… Jenny, I…
Rohit 9035527351: Okay. And I have no idea, and I'm very much new into this, so I'm looking forward, so… because I saw the other people are also asking the questions.
Rohit 9035527351: And, to be honest, I couldn't understand a bit what they were talking about.
Monal Kumar: Okay, so see, first of all, this word even that you hear in these topics, generative.
Monal Kumar: it holds a very deep meaning, it is not straightforward, okay? But if I talk about what, it is able to provide us, okay? So, if you talk with ChatGPT, have you ever used ChatGPT?
Rohit 9035527351: Yes.
Monal Kumar: what ChatGPT does, if you ask any query, what it does. What is the next thing you will say?
Rohit 9035527351: I mean, like, it gives a…
Monal Kumar: provides you a response, right? And if you see that, word by word, it creates a response, right?
Rohit 9035527351: Yes.
Monal Kumar: that what it's doing, it is generating, okay? So anything which your AI is creating, creating, generating, that is a part of generative AI, but in-depth part we will provide you later, because it is very technical. But if I talk about, in your day-to-day, if you see weather application, right?
Monal Kumar: In a weather application, you will see tomorrow's forecasting, day after tomorrow forecasting, yes or no? 10 days forecasting. Yes?
Rohit 9035527351: Yes.
Monal Kumar: So, that, actually, we generate from machine learning, alright? Machine learning and all of those statistical-based methods, which we are going to learn. So, what we are doing, based on some historical data, based on some calculations, based on mathematics, we are forecasting what will happen in the next 10 days.
Monal Kumar: And if I talk about the generative part, based on our query, AI is generating something that we want to see.
Monal Kumar: Just like if I provide some video to the AI and ask that, in this picture, I want to dance like that picture. What AI is doing? AI is generating like that, right? So whenever AI is generating, just like a painter, just like humans think.
Monal Kumar: That is a part of generative. When it uses mathematics and all of those things, that is a part of machine learning.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So you will understand that more in later. But for now, everything will…
Monal Kumar: Understand it like a vague topic, because it is very complex, alright?
Rohit 9035527351: No, no, no, actually, my question was, like, in terms of the example, like.
Rohit 9035527351: Yeah. When the AI comes into the picture, when the agent API comes into the picture, that's it. I know that.
Monal Kumar: Got it.
Monal Kumar: Maybe I will, I will, I will… we will learn into, like, our upcoming sessions.
Monal Kumar: But, was I able to clear your query, at least from the basic level? That's great.
Rohit 9035527351: Thank you, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yes, you're right.
Monal Kumar: Then we have Sankarp.
Monal Kumar: And guys, when you are done, please unraise your hand. There is option to unraise your hand, alright? Yeah.
sankalp: Hi, Emma are doing?
Monal Kumar: Yes, Sankar, your audiobook.
sankalp: Hi, Chris, hi Mona, good morning, and thank you so much for the session.
sankalp: I have few doubts, like, first of all, I have doubts, like, I have approximately 13 years of experience in QA automation.
sankalp: So, I'm new to this, like, I have basic understanding of Python, but I'm new, you can say. So, it is possible for me that after having 13 years of experience in QA field, QA field, I can make transition maybe up to 1 year or 2 years.
Monal Kumar: In my current company also, or maybe in outer, like, whenever I switch.
sankalp: any job outside of it. So, it is possible, like, after…
Monal Kumar: Are you a manager right now? No, no, I'm at lead position. Lead. You're at lead position, right?
sankalp: Yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: Yes, it is totally possible for you to switch, but for lead, you require a different skill set. You already have a skill set of leading people that you cannot learn from any course, that you only learn from experience, alright? But once you complete this course, and there are… I will tell you, there are different roadmaps also, that for a lead, for anyone to be a lead, they should know how to do a deployment, they should know the ends of
Monal Kumar: After machine learning is done, what we should do? The scaling part and other things, that is what lead… that is what is expected from the lead. So that part you need to cover, and once you cover that, once you build things and scale, at least just in your project level.
Monal Kumar: you will be able to tell your current company or other company that this is what I am doing, this is what I'm able to do. So it is totally doable.
Monal Kumar: we will teach you the skills, we will teach you what to say in the interview, we will also tell you that… you can… whenever… once you have learned something, ask me in the LinkedIn that I want to… this is… I want to be this late, right? Then I will give you a project, if you complete it, then you will be,
Monal Kumar: Ready for the next part of your life.
Monal Kumar: Being a lead in AI.
sankalp: Right?
sankalp: Okay, a second thing, like, let's say, you mentioned, like, we will be following the traditional route, like, obviously from basic to advanced, like, ML, state ML, then deep learning, NLP, and then come to Gen AI and let Agent AI.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
sankalp: many people ask, like, the difference between Gen AI, Agent AI, and all. So, let's say after completing this course for one year, and now anyone, like, whosoever… nowadays, AI engineer, like, we used to listen or hear a lot of, like, AI engineer, AI engineer. So.
Monal Kumar: as an AI engineer, like whosoever AI engineer, is able to do all this work, like, like, like, ML thing.
sankalp: MLT.
Monal Kumar: Have a great day.
sankalp: Okay. Everything. And Gen AI and Agentic AI is a part of this, like…
Monal Kumar: Yes, it's a subpart of this course. You can… you can say that, okay? They are… machine learning stats is not directly taught in the generative AI, that is kind of a prerequisite of there. So, if you have that, it is good. Otherwise, they will teach you in a certain way that machine learning and stats will not come in the way of learning generative AI.
sankalp: Okay, so after learning all these things in one year, if anyone wants to be specific to any particular field, so he or she can choose, like, maybe GenAI thing, or maybe Igent.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
sankalp: Okay. Yes. But as your experience, opinion, we should…
sankalp: be open to this along, broad field, you can say, AIT.
Monal Kumar: The way things are going, now everyone should be open to everything.
Monal Kumar: Okay? Okay. And if you can do everything, it means you can, retain your position.
sankalp: Yes, because nowadays is that, market is very tough.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes. Okay, thank you. Done everything. Yes, sure.
sankalp: Thank you, Mundo.
Monal Kumar: Yes, sure, Sanko.
Monal Kumar: Alright, guys, Rohit and Sankarp, yes. Rohit, I'm raising your hand, and… Sai, you're next.
Monal Kumar: Sign?
Monal Kumar: Am I audible? Am I audible? Yes, sir, you are audible. You're audible.
Sai: Thank you, thank you, Monol. Thank you, Kresh, for the… for this wonderful session, first of all. I'm asking very… rather, instead of questions as a request, I've had a chat with your… I think when I've gotten to this, Ishan is one of your executives, has got in touch with me, and specifically mentioned my requirement.
Sai: I'm not sure whether you heard of that requirement. I'm having more than 15 years of experience in IT. I've been working in .NET, C, C++, and the last 6-7 years working as a scientist. Most importantly, the platform which you are, President would have demonstrated, no?
Sai: Even the mobile application and the Krishna Academis platform. I'm not sure whether you heard this term. It is presently not digitally accessible. I mean, I'm not… are you aware about this term called digital accessibility?
Sai: Have you… Krisha, you have…
Monal Kumar: You're talking about accessibility functions?
Sai: Yes. Accessibility, yeah. So, I'm a person with vision impairment model, just for your kind of information.
Krish Naik: Screen reading software, Scrish.
Sai: So I've specifically requested this. I do agree that one-to-one is not possible, I completely respect that. But at least whenever you're taking the classes,
Monal Kumar: Mmm.
Sai: a small hint from your side that I'm writing a code inside this window, because I may not be able to follow your screen, because it is not possible for me, one, number one.
Sai: And I'm not expecting, I do agree that you have got the burden of a lot of students, so I'm not expecting you to teach me one-on-one. I completely understand and respect that, but at least few hints from your side, you're doing this in your vendor, that's one request. That's one request. Another request, Kesh, presently, unfortunately, the platform which you've just demonstrated is not completely accessible. It has got a lot of accessibility violations.
Sai: If your team needs any support, I'd be happy to help it.
Sai: Right from sharing resources, how to make it accessible, but it is not visibly accessible, unfortunately.
Krish Naik: You're saying from the main site, right?
Sai: Yeah, the learning LMS, and even the mobile application, because I've been using mobile applications since morning, and then even…
Krish Naik: See, the thing is that this LMS, no, it's a third-party vendor LMS.
Sai: I understand that. I saw the vendor name and everything. At least if you can just share this request with them, because sometimes what happens, they have to enable a few accessibility options. Accessibility is right from the design, but because a lot of buttons are unlabeled, a lot of controls are unlabeled, they're not keyboard operable, a lot of things which I'm facing, I do agree that it is not possible within one day or two days.
Sai: But at least a request, if you can pass it on to them, that would be better, Chris. That's the first request on that. Okay?
Krish Naik: See, I will, I will definitely share them this, issue, like, for, visually accessible, like.
Sai: But only ask them to make it accessible for screen reader users, and if they need any specific requests and input from my side, let me know, because my research is in this area only. I've been working in this region.
Krish Naik: Okay, can you do one thing? Can you just put me a small paragraph and write in the chat, so that I can copy this same thing and send to them, okay?
Sai: I will, I will, I will. You want me to do that on a community, or this here?
Krish Naik: Yeah, here, your chat, Zoom chat. You just pinged me.
Sai: Because I'm actually accessing Zoom through phone.
Sai: I'll have to… yes, yeah, because type in something. It takes some time for me, so if you want, I can share it.
Krish Naik: Or you can drop this message to, yeah, I will, I will drop my email address, it's…
Sai: Yeah, that would've been… Sai, yes, my full name is Saeed Archen Bharat, I'm based out of Mumbai.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Sai: I know this is first time must be happening that your student is requesting this, I completely understand that. But yeah, I'd be happy, to be part of these sessions, and then would like to learn, of course.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure, sure.
Krish Naik: Excellent.
Sai: Thank you, thank you so much.
Krish Naik: I'll send you my email ID, Sy.
Sai: Yes, I got it, I've received it, I've received it, I can hear it. Yes, perfect, perfect. I'll share my details. Thank you, Mona, thank you guys once again.
Monal Kumar: Thank you so much time.
Sai: Thanks.
Monal Kumar: Alright, now we have Prashant. Prashant, you're next.
Krish Naik: Guys, don't forget to download the mobile app, so that you can also see the videos from the app itself. I've shared both the link for, Android and iOS. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so Prashant and, Candlesticks, that is a funny name. So, whoever is available.
KandleSticks: Sorry, I had the wrong login.
Monal Kumar: Alright, totally fine, yes.
KandleSticks: you know, more of an opinion or an advice, you know, I come with over two decades of leadership experience, and, you know, I've been out of coding and, you know, programming as such. But looking, you know, from technology into an AI domain.
KandleSticks: Can you share your thoughts on how much of a help can this course bring in?
KandleSticks: to my career shift, and what should I be focusing on? So it's more of…
Krish Naik: Totalized.
KandleSticks: I'm looking at.
Krish Naik: I would suggest to you, like, you should have not joined this, unless or until you want to make a fundamental strong.
Krish Naik: You know, for you, the best batch would be generative AI and agentic AI, the modern route that we are falling, right? So that you get an idea of how to build an application, because since you're having 20-plus years of experience, you're mostly looking into the architectural level.
Krish Naik: You know, where you understand about frameworks, where you understand about LLM Ops concepts, where you understand about the architecture part.
Krish Naik: So, that is what I would actually… had suggested you, instead you joining this, because I know you're not going to do the coding from scratch, and it will be of no use if you have 20 plus years of experience.
Krish Naik: Does that make sense?
KandleSticks: I mean, I am interested in learning the basics, because then, you know, it kind of sets the stage and, you know, makes my fundamental strong.
KandleSticks: So…
Krish Naik: No, no, I'm not saying in that way, sir. I'm saying in this way, like, you don't have to do the coding from scratch. In your case.
KandleSticks: Got it, got it.
Krish Naik: already so much experience. That is what I'm saying. Understanding, learning from fundamentals is always fine, okay? At any point of time, if you have sufficient amount of time. Okay? But I was thinking, like, how you can put your experience directly right now into the industries.
KandleSticks: Got it. So, can I reach out to your teams to change, make changes? Okay.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, definitely, definitely. And next month also, sir, we are coming up with one modern route batch, that is Generative AI, GenTech AI. You can join that batch. If you want my team, they'll move you to that particular batch once it is announced.
KandleSticks: But if I have time, would you recommend I do both? So, on one.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah. So, one route…
KandleSticks: So, strategically.
Krish Naik: So, one route I would definitely want to show it to you. So, just give me a second, okay?
Krish Naik: So there are 3 routes which I have actually shared, and with respect to that, we are going to work with this. Do you see this? Advanced route?
Krish Naik: All three parallel.
Krish Naik: So, all three parallel basically means, you're also making your DS fundamentals strong, you are also working on Gen AI, mastering Gen AI, gentic AI, so that is the advanced route.
KandleSticks: And is that a faster track, or…
Krish Naik: Yeah, it is a faster track, because what I will do is that, in the upcoming classes, I'll give my Udemy courses of data science recordings, which will be for lifetime, which you can learn parallelly.
Krish Naik: If you're to increase the speed, and from the next month, whichever generative AI batch is getting launched, you can follow that track only.
KandleSticks: Thank you, thank you, Krish. Appreciate it.
Krish Naik: Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Alright, and then… we have… vinegar?
Monal Kumar: Okay, you're next, and we have… Hello? Yes.
KanikaG: Audible?
Monal Kumar: Yes, you're audible.
KanikaG: Yeah, actually, I wanted to, clarify regarding my working experience. I'm coming from a telecom background. I'm, currently I'm having 7 plus years of experience, and I'm… I was working as a senior software engineer.
KanikaG: And, currently I'm not working.
KanikaG: So, actually, I want to transition from non-tech to the tech background, and to be honest, I'm also parallelly currently learning the web development as well. So, I'm about to complete my front-end part about the JavaScript, so I was a bit concerned regarding, can both these things can be aligned?
Monal Kumar: I will… I will tell you. Yes.
KanikaG: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: So, currently, I think what you should do is, you should do a little bit of planning in terms of… because, as you said, telecom… telecom directly does not convert to web development. Web development is something that you build based on any requirement. It is totally based on requirement.
Monal Kumar: For telecom, we don't exactly have a similar one-to-one mapping of web development, alright? For telecom, what you can do in telecom, we have different certifications, and in telecom, telecom directly converts to generative AI, agentic AI, as well as machine learning.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So, there are domains. If you… I will tell you, if you have data, you can ping me on the LinkedIn, and in future, once you learn machine learning path, you can tell me that you want to build something like this, and I will help you, give you direction, so that you can proceed there. But web development is something that is good to have a skill for Agent care machine learning engineer, so that you can integrate, you can talk to, different teams.
Monal Kumar: for the development part of it, but I would suggest to not
Monal Kumar: Go deep dive into the web development part, because
Monal Kumar: In a telecom, you have to convert your experience, right? And the best way to get into AI is via AI, not with development, web development.
KanikaG: Actually, in my telecom domain, I was working in the configuration part, basically, so I'm now transitioning to the web, I mean, this coding only.
KanikaG: Yeah, I'm leaving the telecom domain now.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so where are you heading now? Which domain, exactly?
KanikaG: I'm actually not working currently.
Monal Kumar: It's totally fine, it's totally fine. You will understand it soon, because right now it is the initial phase of that, but don't worry, we are still here, alright? You will be joining the classes, and once you have more clarity, as I mentioned, go to Machine Learning. You're already learning machine learning, AI, and RAG in this course, right?
Monal Kumar: So you're already in the correct path. So once you know more about it, where you are and where you want to head, it will help you there. What is your next step?
KanikaG: Yeah, I want to dedicate my next one year in this machine learning path only, so that's where I would be needing the help.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure. That's great, Kanika. We are here, alright?
KanikaG: Yeah, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, yeah, you're welcome.
Monal Kumar: Then, we have… Rahul Ahmed, and, yes.
Shahul Hameed: Hi, Monu, can you hear me?
Monal Kumar: Yes, I can hear the show.
Shahul Hameed: So, Manil, I went through the syllabus, okay? So, after covering statistics and everything, I was just curious that, because what I understand is many people tell that you should know about calculus and linear algebra. Is that really required, or, like, how is it?
Monal Kumar: Okay, when I will be teaching that, I will tell you that you… if you're… if you don't really understand mathematics, the 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th standard mathematics.
Monal Kumar: That is an optional part. You can understand from the overview how the flow works like. I will tell you, I will teach you that how to read and interpret those flows.
Monal Kumar: And inside these flows, there comes the mathematics. If mathematics part, you're not able to understand it clearly, in interviews, no one is going to say, derive this, integrate this. They will tell you what is the flow of it. If you understand the flow from a very high level, it is also totally fine.
Shahul Hameed: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: You're not going to be a researcher and build new things, right? You're just going to utilize and become the applied HNTKI, applied generative AI engineer, and that's what you will be.
Shahul Hameed: One last question.
Monal Kumar: Yes, sure, sure, yes.
Shahul Hameed: Yeah, so thanks for that. So, I mean, since you're in this domain, you know there's a lot of changes always happening every month and every week. So I was also, you know, because it all started with this… what is that paper called?
Shahul Hameed: what attention is all you need, and then the chat GPT, boom, big end, and everything. Are you going to teach us how to understand or interpret this research paper.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes. See, when we go to the deep learning part of it, we will start reading more about the research paper and how to interpret those. And this is for everyone, guys. Chrysler has been advancing from 2012 and 14, I think. Yes, sir? When you started learning this data science.
Monal Kumar: So, guys, this learning will never stop. We always have to learn, Chris, there is already learning, creating new things, building new things, and that's what we all are doing. So, don't be scared of that. Once you have the clear base, the only thing that is… what is a new skill?
Monal Kumar: I will invest some months on it, some weeks on it, and then you will be able to acquire that skill. But if the fundamental is not clear, then it will again be, like, where am I? Where is the head and tail of that particular skill? So, that issue… so if you don't want to face that issue.
Monal Kumar: Stay in this particular path, and you'll be fine.
Shahul Hameed: Thank you, Monu. Thanks.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure, Sean, yes.
Monal Kumar: Alright, and then, Satya, you're next.
Monal Kumar: Satya and Danajay?
Monal Kumar: Satya first.
Satya Panuganti: Hey, hi, Monal, and hi.
Monal Kumar: Thanks, Sofia.
Satya Panuganti: So, I'll give my background first, so that then I can kind of give you my questions. I am basically around, like, 15 plus years of experience, and I started… I hope I'm audible clearly, right?
Monal Kumar: Yes, you're good, you're all good.
Satya Panuganti: Yes, so I started my journey as a Linux engineer, then from Linux to cloud, and then.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Satya Panuganti: DevOps, and now I'm DevOps with multi-cloud. I'm working as an architect. And my recent project I've delivered is, you know, I have actually migrated one of the AI applications from AWS to Azure. So…
Satya Panuganti: So, I have that kind of knowledge, and I'm, looking for getting this AIML stuff. So, my question is basically, like, do I kind of…
Satya Panuganti: you know, include or incalculate the MLOps or AIP stuff.
Satya Panuganti: or should I kind of go to the data science or AML area? What do you.
Monal Kumar: What's your one?
Satya Panuganti: Yes, yes. You and Krish can answer both.
Monal Kumar: DevOps is nothing but machine learning operations, plus the DevOps part of it. You already are clear in the DevOps part of it, right? Right. Once you understand machine learning, there will be few steps included in the DevOps, which you already know, the DevOps part of it, right? So, as your senior, you already know how to engineer things, right?
Monal Kumar: And once you understand machine learning, what are the artifacts of it, it is just like creating a flow of it in a manner where you can, maintain the CI-CD part of it, right? Integration and development part.
Satya Panuganti: Right.
Monal Kumar: But in terms of machine learning, so you will be able to do it. So I would suggest you not directly going to the MLOps, because you already know that. And, stay in this path, you will understand that once machine learning is done, how I should productionize this. If you're able to do it, then you're already in the MLOps part. That's all. Machine learning in DevOps is MLOps.
Monal Kumar: Got it.
Satya Panuganti: Okay, okay. Yeah, another question is basically, like, regarding this, it's a course of 12 months, right?
Satya Panuganti: After 12 months, like, how about the access to the recordings and all that?
Monal Kumar: Yes, you will get access. As Krishna mentioned, you have 1,000 days of access, alright?
Satya Panuganti: to…
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Satya Panuganti: Rose to look at.
Monal Kumar: So, yeah, you will have access to this course.
Satya Panuganti: Okay, and my third question is, like, I know the basics of Python and all that stuff.
Satya Panuganti: Okay, so, where previously I have some kind of requirements where, I mean, some… from companies, like, from Switzerland, they have… I have interviewed for…
Satya Panuganti: they are using our programming language in their, statistics and analysis at the share market and all. So, so what's the basic, the idea is, like, Python versus R.
Monal Kumar: Okay. The R is mostly, again, used by a team who does analytics and statistics, alright? This is where they're using R. In R, we also have R, so I need to create dashboards, right?
Monal Kumar: But that is a very, small requirement. If you see on LinkedIn, if you see 200… I will not even say 100, if you see 200, 300 jobs, one of them will mention that R is optional, or one of them will ask that, yes, we require R as the mandatory skill. But other than that, everything is Python, SQL, PySpark, and other things, alright?
Monal Kumar: So, if you, know that, I will not suggest you to target just the R companies. The skill which you don't know. You know a lot of skills, apply on that particular part.
Satya Panuganti: Okay, the one last question is, like… Sure. So it's basically, like, I just forgot, like…
Monal Kumar: That's recognize that.
Satya Panuganti: What's stop it.
Monal Kumar: You can again raise your hand, you can again let me know, alright?
Monal Kumar: Is that fine?
Satya Panuganti: I remember now?
Monal Kumar: You can continue.
Satya Panuganti: Yeah, yeah, I got it, I got it. So, I actually… I actually do the trainings as well. I've also done, like, online, corporate, physical classes in institutes and everything I've done on both DevOps and cloud, okay? I'll tell you my query, why I'm telling this, because when I teach to the different domain people, when people are migrating to DevOps or cloud.
Satya Panuganti: We'll ask all these questions what they're asking now.
Satya Panuganti: Right, so I used to answer the similar questions. So, in my training, what I used to tell them is, like, you know, once you're done with the training, you'll get an experience level of 3 to 4 years. That's why, that's where I kind of target.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Satya Panuganti: So, how about this?
Satya Panuganti: course curriculum, and after this, like, how much I can gain, how I can match to a professional who is really working on AIRML stuff?
Monal Kumar: I will tell you, the professional in AI right now is all over the place. There is no standard metric, okay? Companies are saying 5 to 7 for a senior role, and still they are hiring for 2 to 3 years experience, because
Monal Kumar: It is not based on years of experience in this particular field. What happens if someone is working on genetic and bad to build a lot of amazing projects? Even the fresher now… fresher, not even fresher, even the people who are in college, not even completed their degree, they're able to build things, alright?
Monal Kumar: So, it totally depends on… if the company requirement says plus 3 years, then obviously the fresher will not be able to apply, but the fresher ones join the startup, they will be able to complete their… transfer their knowledge to their years of experience directly.
Monal Kumar: Right? So it totally depends on where we are applying what is the company requirements, but based on the knowledge.
Satya Panuganti: No, the question is not about the how many years of experience. The question is, like, after the completion of this course, if I were to be able to answer on projects and all, so where my skill set will match to a real, working professional.
Monal Kumar: You will be able to match to a working professional of 2 to 3 years of experience.
Satya Panuganti: Okay.
Satya Panuganti: Got it.
Monal Kumar: Two to three years' experience relevant in AI Engineering.
Satya Panuganti: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yes.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: Look, yeah, that's all I have. Yeah, sure, Satan. Let's great. Then we have the nunchay.
Dhananjay: Good morning, sir, am I audible?
Monal Kumar: Yes, you're audible.
Dhananjay: First of all, good morning.
Dhananjay: Sir, actually, I want to ask or highlight, some points, like, like, I'm a student, I'm a pre-family student in engineering CSE, and I guess measure of our community contains, like, experienced person in, industry, so I just wanted to highlight a point that,
Dhananjay: a few better, teach us from scratch, like, even some of us, like, students don't know how to, like, post on GitHub. Like, I personally don't know how to…
Dhananjay: on GitHub and LinkedIn, so please, I would like, like, you will teach us…
Monal Kumar: Sure. We will teach, we will teach, as I mentioned, right, even how to post on LinkedIn, what things you should need to mention. I will create some kind of a prompt or something, which we will help you guys to do that, and anything, as I mentioned, for the first 6 months, we are literally going to spoon-feed everyone, okay?
Monal Kumar: So, you're going to… there is no prerequisite, there is no gaps in our knowledge.
Monal Kumar: That is going to stop you from learning this course, alright?
Dhananjay: So, thank you so much.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure, yes, no problem.
Monal Kumar: Alright, shiva? Supra Mannyam?
Siva Subramanian: Yes, Monaza. I am almost, in BPO, almost a level, yes, as a senior business process, not a team leader. And, I want to know, I've started doing as a…
Siva Subramanian: data sciences courses, I don't, I thought to do, but, I don't know whether I can get that job, or I'll do freelances from this.
Siva Subramanian: what I can apply and how I can get, output from it.
Siva Subramanian: Oh, no.
Monal Kumar: Shiva, once you learn something for the first initial six months. See, if it, have you,
Monal Kumar: Did you want to any of those websites which provides freelancing gigs? Freelancing jobs?
Monal Kumar: Have you enrolled in any one of them? Have you logged in or signed up to any of those?
Monal Kumar: Freelancers places.
Siva Subramanian: Yeah, work, I just enrolled it, I see lots of…
Monal Kumar: tech in Upwork and everything, freelancing is mostly on the things that are latest in the market. They require help, quick help, right?
Monal Kumar: And the quick market is Generative AI, Agent TKI, machine learning and other things are mostly kind of a full-time, but still, they are a freelancing part of it. So if you want to go into the freelancing part of it, I will suggest you to, in parallel, work with Generative AI and Agent Kai. That will cover your ground on the freelancing part of it, okay? I will also help you how to do the freelancing others. We'll teach you in the course, okay?
Monal Kumar: And, for… what was the other question? This is the freelancing part is done.
Siva Subramanian: Yeah, another part is, I'm more than level years of experience.
Siva Subramanian: In a BPO part, I was starting this course as starting from scratch, whether I'm able to get a job.
Siva Subramanian: That's a thing.
Monal Kumar: We will pay.
Siva Subramanian: Can you catch up.
Monal Kumar: You see, first thing for any senior is to convert their current experience to the AI part of it, okay? Once you understand anything, once you're… if you see some problem in your current job.
Monal Kumar: I'm talking about problem statement, not a problem, but a problem statement in your current job. What you can do, you can create a minimal viable product, MVC, okay, MVP, and also create a POC of it. Then you can pitch those POCs to your team, because
Monal Kumar: Managers and higher-ups only want that… how to convert clients into
Monal Kumar: like, for better, transition, right? Clients will pay for.
Siva Subramanian: Okay.
Monal Kumar: If you can create something for that, they will be able to convert else, convert that into some other company. So once you have that confidence that you can build something, then you will be able to switch it. So, I will help you build that confidence, but it is totally up to you what you want to build, how much you will practice on that.
Siva Subramanian: Yes, thank you, sir. Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure.
Monal Kumar: Yes, and next is Satya, did we already cover yours?
Monal Kumar: Tanika?
Monal Kumar: Kanika?
KanikaG: Yeah, I have one more question, just… Yes, sure. Yeah, a small question. Since this is an induction session, and in the course section also, there is the Get Started section, and there are around 5 videos in it. So, before Wednesday, do we need to complete those videos?
Monal Kumar: you don't need, that is for Fast Track. If you guys want to.
KanikaG: Or, I mean, it will be teaching us from scratch or something.
Monal Kumar: That will always teach you from scratch, okay?
Monal Kumar: So, if you want to do Fast Track, you guys can check those 5 lectures, those are big lectures, but you can cover things one by one. And if you want to learn… because that's… that is a different syllabus as compared to this one, but that covers the major part of what we are going to learn.
Monal Kumar: the major blocks of it. Here, we have major blocks, a lot of… many blocks, a lot of newer tools also that we'll be covering in the course, right?
Monal Kumar: That is different, this is different. For the faster, you can refer that.
Monal Kumar: Alright.
Monal Kumar: Monica?
Monal Kumar: Guys, am I audible?
Krish Naik: Yes, ma'am.
Monal Kumar: Okay, okay, sure. I think something is strong on the Khanika side. Okay, Satya, is your doubt already clear, Satya?
Monal Kumar: Anuganti?
Monal Kumar: Alright, next one is… Gomati?
Monal Kumar: Bomati?
Satya Panuganti: Hey, hi, Monand. Hello.
Monal Kumar: Right.
Satya Panuganti: Sorry, Monal, you called me?
Monal Kumar: Satya, your doubt is already cleared, right?
Satya Panuganti: Yaya.
Monal Kumar: Okay, I'm moving, go ahead. Yes, sorry, Komathy, you can go next.
Gomathi KARNAN: Yeah, first of all, I have been, I heard your meetings before, so it was very good. So, I have 3 questions, Monal. So, first question is, what are the different roles we can apply once we complete this course, or while doing this course?
Monal Kumar: all roles. This course is designed so that you can apply to all the roles. I showed you, right, what… I showed you the screen, I think?
Monal Kumar: Where I have all of these roles. At the start of this page, you will be able to see these roles. Data Scientist, Machine Learning Engineer, deep learning engineer, AI Engineer, eject AI engineer.
Gomathi KARNAN: You can apply to all of these rules.
Gomathi KARNAN: Okay, so I have second question. How can we keep ourselves outstanding as, you know, industry standards keep updating, or, and the role also, role requirement also keep update, getting updated? So, how can we keep ourselves, outstanding every time it gets updated?
Monal Kumar: See, once you ha- as I'm…
Krish Naik: There's no…
Monal Kumar: Is it good now?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Correct, alright, yeah, something happened.
Monal Kumar: Okay, so, as I mentioned before, that once you have the base clear for any new skill, it is very easy to learn, alright? But to implement, you have to become a kind of… you have to have an engineer kind of a mindset, that I have to integrate this, this is a new tech skill, I have to… Okay, answer me.
Monal Kumar: If a new app comes in your Play Store or iOS store, do you feel…
Monal Kumar: that I'm not able to use this application.
Gomathi KARNAN: Nope.
Monal Kumar: No, but it does have some kind of a learning curve at the start, right? Where are different tabs of it, what I will be doing with these apps, it does have some kind of a learning. So, similarly, once you're an experienced professional, once you understand the base of it, it all feels like a new kind of application. Yes, it does have application, that app does something.
Monal Kumar: But it does have a base that, okay, this application does have setting. From the setting, I can do certain things. From the home, I will be able to see something, see all the things. From the payment, I will be able to see my payment and subscription. Yes.
Monal Kumar: All of them have some kind of a basic that, is also present in our technical part. If you learn Python, machine learning, and others, you will see that, with the help of these technologies, you will solve some X problem.
Monal Kumar: With the help of databases, you will solve some Y problem. With the help of API, you solve some Z problem. So everything… technologies are based on problem.
Monal Kumar: and their solution. So once you know that, it is very easy to learn things. But yes, your base should be very clear. And that's what you're going to build here, Gomati.
Gomathi KARNAN: Thank you, Monand. And my third question is, so…
Gomathi KARNAN: as we'll be showcasing ourselves here by the end of this course, we may be, 2 plus years of experience person, as knowledge as them. So, here, since we are, some of them are already experienced and some might be fresher, so I'm an experienced person, so here I have to showcase myself as a fresher in this domain, or, I should show myself as 2 plus years of experience and try a job…
Monal Kumar: show yourself as a… because otherwise, how they are going to come… how you're going to compete with others? Because if you're competing with freshers, that is not really converting your experience, right? But, as I always mention, even HR knows that, that
Monal Kumar: Whatever you have learned from all of the 7 years experience, 10 years experience, 20 years experience.
Monal Kumar: That you cannot learn as a fresher. Yes, you do know how to manage things, you don't know how to talk to clients, you don't know how to communicate with teams and other things. Yes, Gumati?
Gomathi KARNAN: Yes, yes. That… do you think that Fresher has that skill?
Gomathi KARNAN: No, it comes with experience.
Monal Kumar: Yes, it comes with experience. So, you already have something. What you have to do is use those experience which you've learned in all of those years, and convert that with AI, ML, and all of those things. So, you are a professional… you are a professional then.
Monal Kumar: So, yes, you will be able to convert it. I will help you, how many years of experience, with the help of these projects, what you can do later.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Gomathi KARNAN: Okay, so in such case, our salary and experience will also get compensated.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Gomathi KARNAN: Okay, thank you so much, Mona, thanks.
Monal Kumar: Sure, Komati. Yes.
Gomathi KARNAN: Have a nice day.
Monal Kumar: Yes, I'm a nice dinner.
Monal Kumar: And… Diane?
Monal Kumar: Dan?
Jayanth Krishna: Hi, am I audible?
Monal Kumar: Yes, you're audit.
Jayanth Krishna: Yeah, first of all, a very big thank you for arranging this session, and yeah, I used a wrong login. Jayint is my son's name, and my name is Satish.
Monal Kumar: Oh, and I taste a dish. Yeah, yeah. So.
Jayanth Krishna: Also, I have a couple of questions. So, first thing is, let me tell my background. So, I come from a… I'm right now working in a MNC, a product development MNC, and right now I'm working as an architect, and I'm having about 20-plus years of experience.
Jayanth Krishna: Right, so my tech… my experience, or the ones which in our company are mostly in .NET, C Sharp, and Java.
Jayanth Krishna: Right, and and, like, the, the opportunities within the company and, for the AI and ML are there, but it is very limited.
Jayanth Krishna: And I'm not sure if I can get an opportunity there. So my question is, like, I mean, I'm very much eager to learn all these things, and
Jayanth Krishna: and absorb all these things. Like, how do I approach, like, if I want to transition from my current position as a Java architect or something into a AI GenA architect or some other AI-related role?
Jayanth Krishna: So, how do I transition my things? And, with also with respect to the projects, right? Projects and the, like, architecture. So, how do I attack this when, let us say, if I, after this, I… I under… I understood or I learned.
Jayanth Krishna: And I want to explore more opportunities, right? So, or to approach other companies. So, how do I make myself ready with respect to projects and other things? Can you help me in that?
Monal Kumar: Sure, sure. All right, as an architect, I think from my point of view, whenever… from my experience working with architects, architects are not bound by even technologies or languages, right?
Monal Kumar: Some of the modules might be written in Go, some of the modules might have been written in Java, some of them might be written in C++. Architect job is never to see the language, architect job is to solve the problem. I think this is what you are being solving also.
Jayanth Krishna: Shoot, yes.
Monal Kumar: Yes, so in terms of architect level, we should also think of an AI as a module in the whole picture, because AI is not a product by itself.
Monal Kumar: In terms of product, there are a lot of moving components that creates a product, yes?
Jayanth Krishna: Yep.
Monal Kumar: So AI will also be in that product, it can be in a product of Java ecosystem, but in that Java, Java will be calling via some API, which AI engineers will be handling it, and AI engineers will be creating that endpoints, which will be answering whatever the request is. It can be stats request.
Monal Kumar: It can be another metrics, it can be even NLP request, like a generative AI, or create an image, a video, anything, right? But the whole ecosystem that you have already covered, that is with Java and other things, that is, like, the 90% of the application.
Monal Kumar: the 10% in terms of the whole product comes the AI part of it, because AI comes at the end of it, like a functionality that we are adding, a cool functionality, or some kind of a new ROI which we want to convert from the client. So, to convert your experience to an AI architect, all you do is understand this AI concept which we are doing.
Monal Kumar: But in terms of problem statement or product, how you're going to integrate it, what are the different components which you'll be requiring, maybe in terms of database schema, what you'll be requiring? Of course, being an architect, database schema, creating all of those things, API requests, concurrency, and other things comes also, right?
Monal Kumar: In AI, that will also come. Concurrency and other things part. So, once we solve some kind of a project, then what you will be doing, you will be converting those that, now this is a machine learning.
Monal Kumar: what I should do more to make the system scalable on the production level. And that will make you an AI architect, so it is not too much of work, but you do need to understand concurrency failure in terms of AI, which you already know in terms of other applications, Java.
Jayanth Krishna: Correct.
Monal Kumar: Right? So, it is not too much of work, but yes, you do need to understand high level that this is what it does, because architects don't deal with variables, I want to create variable 3 and other things, right? You deal with… yes. So, that's what you will be doing. It is not too different.
Jayanth Krishna: Okay.
Monal Kumar: content, okay?
Monal Kumar: generated very easily.
Jayanth Krishna: Yes. And also, I have one question. So, like, Krishna was mentioning about, another batch, another batch in the next month, which starts with the generative AI. Yes, yes, yes. So, like, what is the difference between these, these two batches? So, it is also a one-year course, or it is a…
Monal Kumar: No, no, no, it will not be a one-year course. It will pay five to six months of course. It is mostly focused on the specialization. Once we learn deep learning, deep learning has specializations, like computer vision, generative AI,
Monal Kumar: NLP part of it, right? Those part, we will directly start from there. So this course, Machine Learning and LP, as Krishna mentioned, that that is the first half of this course. After that first half, we start with Generative AI and LP, and the specializations of those will come in that course, not here.
Monal Kumar: So it is a little different from there. Not little, but too much of difference in terms of specialization. There, it will be more specialized, alright?
Jayanth Krishna: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: Yes, sure.
Monal Kumar: Alright, next we have, Lokesh. Lokesh, you're next.
Lokesh Aggarwal: Yeah, hi. So, again, my question is, since the course covers around 50, I mean, a number of topics, right? So, my question is, at the end of the course, how much
Lokesh Aggarwal: we as a student, I mean, would be able to learn those things, because, you know, generally what I have seen, you know, around… after completion of the course, we generally remember 40-50% of the course. So.
Lokesh Aggarwal: I mean, would that… we would be able to, I mean, translate those things that we have grasped into our, you know, actual roles, or not?
Monal Kumar: Yes, agreed.
Lokesh Aggarwal: very difficult, you know, to, I mean, to understand and learn and grasp X, I mean, A to Z, right?
Monal Kumar: Okay, see, personally…
Monal Kumar: Some topics, it might be harder for some people, and some… another X topic might be harder for some other group of people.
Monal Kumar: But it is totally fine if we don't understand something in this first initial phase of our learning. If someone is starting this data science from the very scales, they don't know anything about coding or data science or machine learning, right? They have not… they only have heard it. It is totally fine to skip something and not remember something, because once we go into the practice, you might work for… first 6 months, you might work for just machine learning.
Monal Kumar: So whatever we have evolved or learned from agility care journey will not come into practice. That is totally fine.
Monal Kumar: But, if you have an understanding just from the conceptual point of view that these are the things present.
Monal Kumar: Then, next time, for the next 6 months, if you're in your company, then a new project comes for AgentK and Genet API. What you will do? Are you in Ground Zero? Or do you know something?
Monal Kumar: You will know something, right? You will know something. You already have that base. So what you will do?
Monal Kumar: From that base, you will start creating projects and then take experience from a generative AI part of it. So learning happens in different stages in your career also. It's not like once this course is completed, you will be able to remember everything. No, you will not be able to remember everything.
Monal Kumar: So, it is totally fine, and you will not face any issue until unless you have the concepts clear, because in the job also, you will be able to rev… you will be revising a few concepts.
Monal Kumar: Don't be prepared for everything. It happens.
Lokesh Aggarwal: My second question is, like, right now I'm working as a cloud architect and having around 18 to 20 years of experience. So, after going through with this course, so on which role do you see, you know, we should, you know, start looking for? I mean, is it lead.
Lokesh Aggarwal: Paul… I mean, obviously not as an AI engineer, or…
Lokesh Aggarwal: I mean, since I'm already working as an architect, so I don't know whether we would be able to, you know, move into an… as an AI architect or not.
Monal Kumar: things like lead, from the lead perspective in AI, in AI field, lead is someone who also knows ops, ops, okay? And you already know ops, the cloud part of it, the cloud integration and other things.
Monal Kumar: So, you can directly translate to ML Ops Engineer, GenAI Engineer. Gen AI Engineer, you will be learning the Gen AI components of it, but the ops part of it, you will be able to translate directly.
Monal Kumar: Alright? You… I'm not suggesting you to become some kind of ML engineer, but an engineer who know how to deploy things, and right now, industry requires a lot of these people, which you can directly translate to.
Monal Kumar: MLOps engineer, LLM Ops, that part will be for you.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Lokesh Aggarwal: Okay, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, share location.
Monal Kumar: Vishal, you're next.
Vishal Singh: Hey, hi. Hello, Chris Lamar. So, okay, so I'll start with my introduction first. So, I'm working in an automotive industry with a traditional CE development and auto-source stack at the lower hardware level.
Vishal Singh: But there is a… I'm a software architect with 14 years of experience. By the time this course ends, I will be completing almost 15. But…
Vishal Singh: As we all know, there is a lot of advancements are going on into the automotive industry, like ADAS, the telematics, the software-defined vehicle. Where is the lot of use of the AI?
Vishal Singh: So, being in a technical field, I wanted to learn this technology to be up to the mark, where the current trends are going in the automotive. So, I have some questions. Yeah, automotive, yes. So, it's not the complete data science which I did, or I'm doing, but I have to now, because going forward, the trend is like that.
Vishal Singh: So, I have some questions here. In the projects, whatever we will be executing during the course of this time, will it be any domain-specific projects also? Like, something in the ADAS, we have this computer vision mostly used… Oh, see.
Monal Kumar: ADAS is a domain in the real world, okay? So, ADAS is something that you require hardware, and ADAS is not a part of traditional computer vision, it is a part of 3D computer vision.
Monal Kumar: Okay, so those…
Vishal Singh: It's okay, ADAS is one part, so there are the many things, like protective maintenance, the diagnostics, the fleet management into the telematics industry is being used also, like, Ola and Uber are also using this part.
Vishal Singh: So, like, okay, any things which is, like, the domain-specific projects, or any live working support on ongoing industry projects we can expect, or something like that?
Monal Kumar: say, live working support on the project that is going on, that is something which we don't provide, because there are a lot of things. If someone is sharing their screen, someone is sharing the data, that data we cannot access.
Vishal Singh: Maybe not with this, may not be with this bootcamp, with any other year program, maybe under AIPro or something you have.
Monal Kumar: Life support on the projects that you are building?
Vishal Singh: No, no, no, no, you are building, I can work.
Monal Kumar: Okay, so see, that project itself that we are coming, that is based on the domain itself, okay? You will see some domains on the ad tech, ad tech, healthcare, there are a lot of domains that the project is already being created on. So, there we have domain-specific projects.
Monal Kumar: Okay?
Monal Kumar: So, there you will find domain-specific projects. In the computer vision, we are already uploading some projects based on this analytics, vehicle analytics, and other things. So, that also you will see there. Okay?
Monal Kumar: how to track something and other things that is also present, but those comes in the project part. But the domain-specific learning, if you say, the projects that we are… here, we are going to create a project that is being di… that everyone can digest and can start their career with. As you can see, this is a generic, all…
Monal Kumar: The data science part of this course, right?
Monal Kumar: So here, we will be creating those, not the ones which is… because, getting a hands-on on the data and the industry data is pretty hard. If I can get… if we can get hands on those data, which is, again, backed by the NDS, which we cannot get, if we can get those, we can create those projects, alright?
Vishal Singh: Oh my goodness.
Monal Kumar: But for now, yes, we will be doing everything which is open source.
Vishal Singh: Okay, so through all this course of time for the one year, so, okay, let's say you're not going to provide the domino specific, but if I want to build something and where I seek some support on how to do it… Yes, it will help you.
Monal Kumar: They will help you.
Vishal Singh: Yes.
Monal Kumar: We will help guide you, okay?
Vishal Singh: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Monal Kumar: If you are stuck here, that these are the few steps you should be trying. I already do that on my LinkedIn. If people are stuck somewhere, I provide them three different steps, then what I want in return is that they will be doing all of those stuff, and tell me what are the reports of it, what are the things, whether they went well, then we will try something else.
Monal Kumar: So that's how things will go. Sure.
Vishal Singh: Okay, nope.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Vishal Singh: And one… one… the last question is that, like, the mod are on the parallel path, so what is the… if there is a conflict between the timings of the… your sessions?
Monal Kumar: Okay, see, conflicts will be there, but that's where the recordings will come in, alright? If you're not able to attend, you have to prioritize. If two courses are going in parallel, you have to prioritize which one you want.
Monal Kumar: For the… for now, and later, once the recording is available, you can watch that. Plus, conflicts will be available. This batch is meant for people who are from beginner, and they want to go all the way to intermediate and advanced. But other… other courses are for advanced. We are beginners, we are not going to join.
Monal Kumar: So, if you're already an advanced user of some technology, obviously you will see some kind of conflict in our courses.
Vishal Singh: Okay, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Don't she understands that?
Monal Kumar: Okay, anyone, guys, anyone who is from a different time zone, they want to raise their hand, I will answer their query first.
Monal Kumar: Okay, let me go with Ankur.
Monal Kumar: Ankur?
Monal Kumar: And Komal after uncle.
Ankur Sharma: Yeah, hi, Krish. Hi, Manal. Hello. Good morning to you, and first of all, thanks a lot for this session.
Ankur Sharma: So, there are two queries from my side. Actually, I am a part of a production support team, and I'm leading, the team, and having a total experience of around 18 years, okay? So, as of now, the company is actually focusing on the AI, and they want us to use
Ankur Sharma: Ugh.
Ankur Sharma: Agentic AI and all those generative AIs in order to automate the processes so that we can use, or we can increase the efficiency of the team. So, thanks to the Krish videos, I just went through those, and…
Ankur Sharma: I've been able to know about the Langchain, MCP, so I've already explored all of those, and also using them in our projects. But now, I'm a little bit confused that whether I should go with this
Ankur Sharma: course, or the other course which you're talking about with respect to the generative value.
Monal Kumar: What is your goal, actually? Solving problem on the generative AI, or solving problem for all the things?
Ankur Sharma: Solving problems with respect to the production support.
Monal Kumar: Production support, what we do in production support.
Ankur Sharma: So, production support means that we are actually supporting the production systems, so whenever there's a particular issue happening on a particular application.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Ankur Sharma: and we normally debug them. But apart from that, we have the service requests, we have the other processes also, which can be automated with the help of the Agentech AI. So, this is the requirement from the management, from our team.
Monal Kumar: Right now, do you want to stay where you are right now, or do you want to move forward? What is your future goal? Not the current solution. What is your future goal?
Ankur Sharma: Future goal is to use AI, as efficiently as possible, but.
Monal Kumar: yes, then you have to become kind of an engineer in AI that will be able to do everything and learn parallelly this RAG and other things. Because that is the technology, the RAG and agentic is a technology which is… keeps on changing, new things is coming.
Monal Kumar: But if I talk about machine learning, computer vision, deep learning, NLP, the traditional, ways, those are pretty constant. So, the problem statement that can be solved with those cannot be solved with GenDK and Genetic AI.
Monal Kumar: Okay? So if you want to be an all-rounder, then you are already in a good place, okay? And and you can learn things in parallel, that I will suggest. But if you want only to solve the generative part and agentic part, then this might be a lot of things.
Monal Kumar: Here, you might learn a lot of things, but not…
Monal Kumar: If you want to go in-depth, Generative by NGK is the one you should select.
Ankur Sharma: Okay, and that is also a linear course?
Monal Kumar: No, no, no, that is 5 to 6 months.
Ankur Sharma: part to.
Monal Kumar: But that is an advanced one, yeah, that is an advanced one, yes.
Ankur Sharma: Okay, because I know Python and… but not much about the deep learning part, so I was… that's why I was a little bit confused. Whether I should go with this one-year course, or the other one.
Monal Kumar: Yes, you can… see, if you don't think that you don't have the base, and if you want to learn other things, if you have the bandwidth, I would suggest, as Krishna mentioned, go with all, okay? Go with all the methods at once. Find some time and do that. But if you only want to solve those generative AI, as I mentioned, that is a different path which you should select.
Ankur Sharma: Okay, that would be sure. Okay, thanks.
Monal Kumar: Cool.
Monal Kumar: Hariharan, you are next.
Hariharan P: Hello.
Monal Kumar: Sorry about that. Yes, yes.
Hariharan P: Hey, hi. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Eddie, yes.
Hariharan P: Thank you, Christian Monald.
Hariharan P: First of all, thank you. I see… both of you are very enthusiastic and motivated.
Hariharan P: Just wanted to give you, my background,
Hariharan P: Close to two decades in IT.
Hariharan P: And the primary reason I had opted for this course is twofold. One is…
Hariharan P: Personally, I want to get the basics right.
Hariharan P: So that's where I was… I know a lot of people had asked this question, but I still wanted to ask once more, if you don't mind, kindly.
Hariharan P: You're able to hear me, right?
Monal Kumar: Yes, I can hear you.
Hariharan P: Yeah. So, you spoke about traditional route, and then you spoke about advanced route. So, does the advanced route cover all the aspects, what is there in traditional route in a shorter period of time, or it is…
Monal Kumar: No, no, no. It skips it. It skips it.
Hariharan P: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Okay? It's scripture, because machine… as I mentioned, machine learning, statistics solves a different kind of a problem, okay? Okay, okay. So, if those problems you think that you will not encounter, or you don't want to solve, or you want to go in that direction.
Monal Kumar: then directly jump from the generative AI part of it. But if you think that you should be doing that, then you should do this path, yeah.
Hariharan P: Okay. No, that's our, see, my personal goal is to learn everything, detail. That's number one. Number two, I am in a position my…
Hariharan P: career position, I have to…
Hariharan P: implement a few of these, right? As we speak, right? I'm… I'm working with my team.
Hariharan P: So,
Hariharan P: Considering both those aspects, what do you suggest? I know it's a tricky question to answer, but if you can…
Monal Kumar: Your handling team and?
Hariharan P: and we have to call out a few use cases for implementing.
Monal Kumar: Okay, okay, so that ideas to lead to management, right?
Hariharan P: Yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so…
Hariharan P: I manage a client where we are embarking on, you know, AI-based, you know, use cases that we have to implement.
Hariharan P: That is on the, on the role that I do, but my personal goal is to learn
Hariharan P: Everything in a nice way, particularly around data science and AIML.
Hariharan P: So, do you think I should continue with this, or should I skip to the advanced route?
Monal Kumar: See, I… okay, does your position require you to write code as well?
Monal Kumar: Write code, and provide the exact solution, or the solution is something
Monal Kumar: You can transfer to your.
Hariharan P: No, I… I'm primarily, I'm primarily, into, delivery, so…
Monal Kumar: You're primarily into delivery, right? So I think learning things from the base is good, but what you need is because a lot of the, because management is going to accept only the problem statement that clients are interested in, that is in Generative and agent decay right now, right?
Monal Kumar: So, those things, that is not directly a target for the first few months.
Monal Kumar: But, you can… we will be targeting those also after 5-6 months, alright? The part of Generative and others. But if you… if you think that you don't want to invest all of those times also, the first initial phase of the base, then you can directly jump to the Generate TBI part of it.
Hariharan P: When you say generative, it is the modern route you're talking.
Monal Kumar: Modern route, modern route, yes.
Hariharan P: Okay, so, just a question. So, is it, is it possible to continue both, or,
Monal Kumar: It is possible to continue both, see, based on your bandwidth, because I'm not sure how much time you can invest, but if you think that sometimes you want to learn Python, you can join this particular course for one month, for one and a half months, whatever time we are going to require for the Python.
Monal Kumar: Then, if you think that in the meantime, I don't want to learn SQL because of these things I already know, I don't want to learn X topic, because that is something I know, you can skip those and jump to the other parallel class and watch those recordings. So, if you… you can create your own, different time zones.
Hariharan P: So, if I am right, the traditional route covers the modern route also after a few months, is that correct?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes.
Hariharan P: Okay, and advanced route, you… it says all three in parallel.
Monal Kumar: Advanced, yes, yes. In parallel means the same thing. You're doing the traditional, but while you're doing the traditional, that is the basic part, the core component of it, you're also learning the generative AI parallelly, the generative AI component, design tech and other things.
Hariharan P: Okay, but that means I have to enroll in all the three courses to do the traditional route and modern.
Monal Kumar: Two different routes. Third is…
Monal Kumar: Combining all the two different routes, and doing something extra there.
Monal Kumar: So it does not require a new course, but it requires two different paths to be combined into the last one.
Hariharan P: Sorry, that's why I'm… I didn't understand. So, if I have to do the third one, advanced route, I have to enroll in traditional and modern, is that what you're saying?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Hariharan P: Oh, okay.
Monal Kumar: Because modern also covers the part of a senior engineer, where you're learning things in details and training it, alright? But, yeah, you can…
Hariharan P: The last, the, sorry, little more…
Monal Kumar: No, no, it's fine, it's fine, yes.
Hariharan P: There you have said, in modern route, you said learn DS fundamentals. That is Data Science Fundamentals, or data structures fundamentals.
Monal Kumar: That is… okay. Is it DS Fundamentals?
Monal Kumar: Yeah, it is DS, it is written as DS. Yes, Learn DS Fundamentals is the Data Science Fundamentals. That is the base part, see, that is the last part of that modern route.
Monal Kumar: Can you see there?
Monal Kumar: So, clearing the concepts, the base of it is the last part in the modern route, but in the traditional route, that is the first part.
Monal Kumar: Okay, okay. So, there, the priority is different.
Hariharan P: So I can talk to your counselor more on the modern route, is that correct?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: That I am already enrolled in this one, but I also want to go to the generative part of it. And you can talk to our team?
Hariharan P: Cut.
Hariharan P: Sure, okay, but what happens, like, the traditional route will cover the same generative AI after some months, right? Is that correct?
Monal Kumar: But, see, it depends.
Hariharan P: It will be overlap. It will be overlap.
Monal Kumar: be one-to-one overlap. This particular course, the Ultimate Data Science, covers things from the beginner to intermediate and advanced. But those courses that we have are intermediate to advanced plus plus, whatever you can think of, okay? So, those go in the depth that we have, but those goes in more depth, what we are going to teach here.
Monal Kumar: Those are specialized… specializations of generative AI. Here, we are going to touch the generative AI and get ready for the specialization.
Hariharan P: Got it. Thank you, thank you. And, while doing this course, do you recommend learning any books on the site, like the.
Monal Kumar: See, books, for me, different types of people, right? For me, whenever I see a book, I feel sleepy.
Monal Kumar: But there are other people who can complete the book in 7 days. So if you think you can complete the book in 7 days or 14 days, but if you are someone who can complete the book in 6 months, I will not recommend it. So if you're a fast learner from book, go with that, because books provide you also good knowledge, good exposure to depth and different architectures.
Hariharan P: Yeah, I meant, complementing this course, should I…
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Hariharan P: Any, any other books as well?
Monal Kumar: We will usually provide more depth than the books, okay? This is what I have seen, yeah.
Hariharan P: Okay, thank you. And then, probably the last question…
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Hariharan P: So, see, do you have… see, there is… there is so much of things happening in the IT at the moment on AI, right? A lot of people are talking about AI, but I don't see if you are embarking on identifying whether a particular use case is a real,
Monal Kumar: AIML use case.
Hariharan P: It is a very tricky scenario, right?
Monal Kumar: It is tricky when you don't know what each tech or subset solves it, yes?
Hariharan P: Correct, correct. So, there is a… there is a very, there… there can be hybrid models also. It can be partly automated, partly AI, right? So…
Monal Kumar: Yes, it always happens.
Hariharan P: Yeah, so what I'm looking at is, I know it's too early in this course to ask you, but since I've enrolled in this, do you have any suggestion or framework which I can go through to
Hariharan P: find out if I choose a use case, whether it's really an AI use case or not. Do you have anything around that?
Monal Kumar: See, for that, you have to become an engineer, okay? That engineer in terms of the AI part of it, because we as AI engineers, and I personally do software development as well, so I'm not… I don't always rely on AI. I always rely on the solution, which I can also build just from the traditional software development, okay?
Monal Kumar: So, if you know best of the both worlds, then only you'll be… this is what a senior person does. You cannot expect this particular thing which you are asking, right, from a junior or a mid-senior person. Only a senior level or architect level will be able to tell you, okay.
Monal Kumar: AI can solve it, but can it be solved with some other method which has less latency, less overall cost, less overall maintenance? If yes, then don't use AI.
Monal Kumar: But if AI is, in long term, providing us a better solution, then go with AI. It might be possible that two, two technologies will solve the same… can solve the same problem.
Monal Kumar: But again, do a lot of testing to find out which one is the best. So, that's how we.
Hariharan P: But for, but for, just as a novice, question, right? Yes, sure. So, to solve a AI use case, is it important to have, you know, the data, data, data is very important.
Monal Kumar: Depends on what AI we are building.
Monal Kumar: There are different kinds of AI. Machine learning is also… creates an AI. Based on machine learning, you do a lot of decision. If you combine machine learning with software engineering, that can also create AI. A lot of people confuse AI with chat GPT. ChatGPT is a kind of AI, generative part of AI. There are different kinds of AI which you build. Based on the problem statement.
Monal Kumar: Some might require data, some might require examples, some might require a lot of data.
Monal Kumar: So, yeah, it depends solely on the problem statement.
Hariharan P: Okay.
Hariharan P: Thank you, thanks a lot, thank you very much.
Monal Kumar: Sure, sure, honey. Yes.
Monal Kumar: Alright, guys, I'm giving, 5 minutes break, okay? I will drink some water, and in the… and after that, we will start the next part. That is, again, the discussion, alright? Queries. So, let me start a timer, and then I will be back.
Monal Kumar: Is that fine with everyone?
Monal Kumar: Yes?
Monal Kumar: Great. Okay, I'm starting a timer, you guys will also be able to see the same timer.
Monal Kumar: So, see you after some time.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so we are back. I hope everyone is here. Guys, are we here? Confirm yes.
Monal Kumar: Great.
Monal Kumar: Right?
Monal Kumar: So… Just want to confirm one thing.
Monal Kumar: So, give me a second…
Monal Kumar: Okay, debug.
Monal Kumar: No debug, that does not… okay.
Monal Kumar: Okay, so guys, our…
Monal Kumar: Guys, we have Meng from our team.
Monal Kumar: And, I want to say something? I want to show us something.
Monal Kumar: That'll look pretty amazing? Yes.
Mayank: Hey everyone, I hope you're able to see me, see me fine.
Mayank: And also, hear me as well. Just wanna let me change my name quickly, because I think, my name is also Kresh, so let me change it.
Mayank: Yeah, great everyone. I hope all of you are able to, like, see me properly, yes or no?
Mayank: Great, great, great. Cool. So, great everyone, I'm pretty sure that you're having a very, very good learning time. I would just like to show you one big thing which he was working on the last, 7-8 months or so. Basically, him, Krishna, and the whole team. So, just let me share my screen, and let me know once you're able to see it.
Mayank: I hope my screen is visible, everyone.
Mayank: Yes or no?
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Mayank: Great.
Mayank: So, yeah, this is actually the platform which we have built everyone now in this. What I would like to do, just a minute, let me just show you why and do one thing. Let me go to TLDRAW to just…
Mayank: Kind of.
Mayank: discuss all of you, like, what it does, because, yeah, we will be giving free access to, like, 1DP access, not free, but yes. So, whenever we talk about, let's say, as a student, or as a learner, right?
Mayank: Now, let me take this percent.
Mayank: Just a second, yeah.
Mayank: See, let's say this is you in your journey where you are a learner or you are a student. Now, of course, along with making sure that you are learning each and everything in depth, which I'm pretty sure in this course you are doing, okay, there are, of course, few more things which you have to take care of. The same starts from, let's say, creating your resume.
Mayank: So… let me make it even smaller.
Mayank: I think now this is better as small student.
Mayank: Sweet.
Mayank: all…
Mayank: all of you are, like, I'm pretty sure, having a very, very nice time learning about things, okay? So now, once your learning is… kind of will begin, there will be many different other things which you will have to also handle. Now, for the same few things which I always say, is that resume is very, very important, everyone, right? Then, along with resume, we have to make sure
Mayank: that we are also giving interviews as well, right? So, interviews are a very, very important part of
Mayank: Your journey in, let's say, your professional journey, okay?
Mayank: Similarly, many times, we have to create our portfolio.
Mayank: So, portfolio creation.
Mayank: Making sure that if you want to share our projects, share anything about us, that all is kind of also taken care of.
Mayank: And of course, along with that, many times we need some roadmaps, etc, right?
Mayank: roadmaps, etc, which you would need that, okay, they are tailored for you all specifically. And yes, many of you will be having the doubts as well. Now, for the same, we have created this platform, everyone, so I hope all of you are able to see this platform.
Mayank: AI mentor for Interview Preparation, AI resumer Builder. Are you all able to see my… see on my screen? Platforms and everything, yes or no?
Mayank: Agreed.
Mayank: Now, what we have to do, everyone, so this is, like, almost complete in development, but since all of you are starting with this new course, we thought that it will be very great, and we will be… we would like rather love to provide access to all of you, okay?
Mayank: Now, for the same, first, let me show the features quickly. Now, if you will just log in, so let me just show you by, let's say, logging out once.
Mayank: I will just go to this website, everyone, so all of you can also access it, it's properly live on production.
Mayank: If you click on sign up, and let's say you continue with Google.
Mayank: Then I could just select my email account here.
Mayank: So, as you can see, my email account has been selected, everyone.
Mayank: And I will see a overall
Mayank: UI like this. So, how many of you are able to see this UI? I hope you're liking the UI as well, everyone, yes or no?
Mayank: Can I get a yes, thumbs up, or something in the chat?
Mayank: So, let me show you the features one by one, everyone, because I feel the same will be very, very important. And just, excuse my voice, might be a little bit, I think I'm a little bit under the code, so, okay. So, great.
Mayank: So, I will just tell you the overall mindset, everyone. We thought that, yes, we are already taking care of students, we are teaching them things from scratch, and all the mentors, everyone is kind of putting in a lot of efforts. We want to now make sure that we are also providing a proper ecosystem
Mayank: Where we can do other things as well. So, when I talk about, let's say, these all resumes, interviews, portfolio, roadmaps, all these are also the things which each and every student
Mayank: will surely require in their professional journey, whether you are changing jobs, whether you are trying out something. So, all of these things, of course, are required. And I think this is what helps and completes the circles, finally.
Mayank: Where you are very much confident that you can get the job and everything, okay? Now, if I go back to our platform, this is actually what this platform is doing, everyone. So, if you will see the same right in front of you.
Mayank: It is having AI interviews, so this is where, again, the full homepage, where we will be having the AI news as well soon, so we have actually kind of created this as well. Now, when you go on AI interviews, everyone, pay attention.
Mayank: You can go to, let's say, topic-wise interviews.
Mayank: And you can see that there are so many interviews which you can directly give. So, when we talk about agentic AI,
Mayank: All the interviews are there. If you talk about, let's say, machine learning, you will be learning machine learning in some time, right?
Mayank: Then there is deep learning, NLP, computer vision, data engineering, system design, all of these things are present here.
Mayank: Now, along with the same, everyone, how many of you want to work at companies like Google, Amazon, Microsoft, any of these companies? Can I get a thumbs up or something?
Mayank: Right? Now, many of you will be aware that what happened is that, of course, you can give their interviews, everyone wants to work there.
Mayank: But there are many people who are easily able to get the rounds. Like, if I… if you talk about me, I have given rounds at all of these companies. I know that Amazon asked leadership-based question. Google has a Googliness round. Okay, Microsoft, the question are based on lots of computer fundamental things as well.
Mayank: So here, what we have done, everyone, if you will go on these Explore Companies.
Mayank: We have made sure that we have scraped the whole web.
Mayank: And try to also add a structure to these companies' interviews. Now, we will be adding more companies as well, service-based startups, okay, corporations, all these big tech giants as well. But, just as an example, if you go on Amazon.
Mayank: This is what a typical Amazon interview process is. You have a technical interview round, then technical interview 2, then system design, leadership principle, and last, the bar litzer interview.
Mayank: Any of your friend, if he has given this round, he will be aware. So, what we have done here, that you can come here and quickly test out the same. So, if you, let's say, just test out this thing, everyone, I will just give the access.
Mayank: And my face and everything will be taken, because this is, again, I think I have to change my camera, multiple cameras, yeah. I can click on Start Interview Session.
Mayank: And the interview will begin. So, see?
Mayank: It is just telling you each and everything.
Mayank: This is a proper thing which tested. See, if I'm seeing on the camera, it will increase attention positivity. The second I look away, because I have a screen.
Mayank: it will start falling. So it's totally real-time, having all the things. It is asking you the question as well. You can speak the answer to the question. It is basically making sure that it is asking the right question.
Mayank: It is having the interview agenda as well, so as to help you. The second you look away, it will fall down. So, it is making sure that, yes, you are having a real-time experience. The question will be based on your answers. It's a proper, well-tested, well-researched AI interview.
Mayank: Okay, of course, you can change the theme, etc. as well. And once you are completed, okay, so I think it will… okay, let me just end it, because, of course, I… I want all of you to give that, not me.
Mayank: See? We will be able to, in some time, get the report as well. Now, I have just completed this in a minute or something, so report, of course, is not available.
Mayank: But yes, along with that, if you will see, we have made sure that all the different, different kinds of interviews, with respect to company-specific, with respect to topic-wise, with respect to a full-length AI interview as well, so this is based on your own CV. So, for example, in this, I will have to select my resume.
Mayank: Now, once I select my resumes, the question will be based on my resume, so it will ask me, hey, why did you leave your job at Goldman? Why did you… how… what was the biggest challenge in your field? All these things are present. Now, to take it a step further, all of you will be starting with data science from the next class, yes or no?
Mayank: All of you will be starting from data science, right? So, see, there are tracks as well. So, if you go on tracks, machine learning, deep learning.
Mayank: NLP, computer vision, all of these things are there. Select a track.
Mayank: Which you want to master and get started, see?
Mayank: All the agendas, all of these different, different things are present.
Mayank: And once you complete the track, you will be having
Mayank: All of the questions which are normally asked, both in interviews and in work.
Mayank: And pay attention how many different, different tags we have created.
Mayank: Right? Database system, blockchain, and these are all the ones which are actually helpful in your professional journey. Okay? So, this is all around the interview, everyone. Do you like this feature? Yes or no?
Mayank: Do you like this interview thing?
Mayank: Would you like to get access to it?
Mayank: Great. So, now, the next thing comes FT1, where it is on the resume building. So, yeah, see? The resume building part.
Mayank: How many of you want to create your very, very great resume?
Mayank: And you go to ChatGPT or Gemini or somewhere else and just paste your things and everything. Well, we have taken that part also, everyone, so what we will be doing is, there is a resume builder where you can create your resume from scratch. You can upload your resume as well, so if you have already created a resume, we will take the heavy lifting, okay?
Mayank: Or you can go to your LinkedIn as well. So, see, there are steps where you can also get the LinkedIn thing and just upload your LinkedIn file, the LinkedIn PDF which you get, and all of those things will be very nicely created into your resume. So, just as an example, I will show you. Either you can start from complete scratch, everyone, as you can see in front of you. So, see, everything is kind of very nicely defined.
Mayank: And the best part is that either you can start fresh, or you can upload your own resume as well, but what I would like to show you is, just, let's say if I go, at a particular thing.
Mayank: This is all integrated with AI. So, very nicely, it will suggest us each and everything, see?
Mayank: I could just select, choose all of these things, okay, and I could add them as well. Similarly, I could go on a project, let's say I go on project, and just, let's say I mention EvolveView. Then let's say these are the technologies.
Mayank: Then, let's say it is 2026.
Mayank: Say, 2026 only?
Mayank: And project link, I'm not adding.
Mayank: just let me give some description, okay? So it will just first try to come up with something, because it is very well AI-linked, and as it does, you will see that how it is coming, right? I will create quickly, just…
Mayank: interview… Interview, resume.
Mayank: and job platform for the students. Now, the second I click Enhance Everyone, it will go
Mayank: choose the best model, each and every thing will happen, and I can apply it, see? Right in front of you, everything is happening. I can just zoom it out to see the whole resume as well. So, properly, it is following all the things, you don't have to worry about anything. I could add other things as well, see? The second I click on this, I could generally create my resume in 5 minutes here.
Mayank: If you just give it basic ideas, it will be able to create one. See? I could just select it and how nicely it is done. So, all of those things are very, very easily available to all of you, everyone. Now, similarly, you can add your skills, certification, honors and awards, all of these things will be done. Now, see, the second I clicked on skill, it checked what all I have added, and added the skills right in front of me.
Mayank: So, it is going to create a proper resume for you, which is going to be ATS compliant as well. And you can select professional.
Mayank: Creative, academic, any of these things.
Mayank: Click on download, and you have your resume PDF.
Mayank: Right? So, see? Asking the platform, I think… yeah, also give us the feedback, everyone.
Mayank: So that we can see how all of you are liking it.
Mayank: Along with this, now it is not still over, I could just upload my resume, let's say I select Choose File.
Mayank: And in this, what I would like to do, let me go to iCloud and see my drive, my NSUMA.
Mayank: Yeah, see. So this is my resume, everyone. What I'm going to do, I'm going to just select it, okay? So I'm going to select and approve this.
Mayank: So, it will get uploaded.
Mayank: And it will make sure… okay, I have to update, no worries. I think I've created my resume, let me do one thing. Let me go to resume builder…
Mayank: Delete this.
Mayank: So, in the flee, of course, there are limits, right? We have to make sure that we can handle it. No worries, let me just, do one thing, so all of you can also quickly work on that. See, everyone, once you will log in, there will be limits on the plan, okay?
Mayank: All you have to do… how many of you are able to log in? Can I get a show of hands quickly?
Mayank: Or when you're able to log in?
Mayank: I think people will be easily able to log in. I'm just quickly sharing the link again. Evolveview.ai, okay? Evolveview.ai.
Mayank: Just go to this, I think many people are able to log in, just you can directly log in with Google. No difficult concept or setup.
Mayank: Once you log in, there will be limits on your overall usage, so what you… all of you can do. How many of you are able to come on this My Account page?
Mayank: Right? You see this upgrade, everyone, here?
Mayank: Upgrade to Pro, do you see this?
Mayank: Upgrade to Pro?
Mayank: Right? So click on this button.
Mayank: Okay, so it's a nice UAE.
Mayank: Everything is happening, so… yeah.
Mayank: I think many of you have used, we have to increase our server load, because as of now, we have chosen a smaller server for the time being. Right, so what we will be showing everyone now is that how you can easily upgrade your servers as well, right? So all of you, as of now, let's say as an example.
Mayank: See, this is the price, right, everyone? All of you can see the front of you.
Mayank: Do you see this? Apply a coupon code?
Mayank: Apply a coupon code, yes or no?
Mayank: Great, so just have a coupon code.
Mayank: Early bird 500, so just valid for the first 500 customers. The second you apply, what is the price for everyone?
Mayank: Is it affordable now?
Mayank: What is the price you are seeing?
Mayank: Right?
Mayank: Okay, so we have to increase the server. Actually, as of now, we have a little smaller server, but no worries.
Mayank: So, the second your page loads, there is a…
Mayank: Apply Coupon button. Pay attention. So there is, like, apply coupon button, I will just quickly refresh it.
Mayank: And there is a have a coupon Code button.
Mayank: See, everyone? Have a coupon code?
Mayank: Coupon code is EARLYBIRD500.
Mayank: Once you apply the coupon code, okay, and click on apply, It will be rupees 1.
Mayank: So, just…
Mayank: Quickly, it will check that, yes, not enough people have taken their advantage. Okay, one minute, let me apply again. I know why this is happening. So, yes.
Mayank: Okay, so yes, as of now, we are giving it for one month, and then you can just click on upgrade to monthly.
Mayank: A very nice UI and everything will open, pay attention.
Mayank: Yeah, I will just do it right in front of you, so that we don't face any problem. See, okay, continue to payment.
Mayank: Just one minute, everyone, let me quickly continue the same.
Mayank: So, similarly, you can also do this thing, everyone. Pay attention now, I will start my sharing again.
Mayank: So, I could go to my app, any app which I use, I could just quickly make this rupees one payment. Okay, don't buy it for more, please.
Mayank: make sure. It is not going to be where, let's say, it is… we're not going to charge you or anything, okay, so don't worry. It is not a subscription model or something. I have made the payment.
Mayank: And the second payment gets confirmed, everyone, with a very nice UIC, each and everything properly handled.
Mayank: Trusted business, all of those things, so you know that, okay, nothing bad is going to happen.
Mayank: Okay.
Mayank: One minute, everyone.
Monal Kumar: Guys, this is not a part of your ultimate data science course. This is just an additional thing which team is working on, and they want you to have it for one month. So it is not… we are not going to provide it for one full year. Guys, this is a different product. This is…
Monal Kumar: a totally different product which Steam has built, okay? Mang will be coming soon. And, guys, promo…
Monal Kumar: Yes, because there are a lot of you, you will see this, but guys, I have sent the promo code again.
Monal Kumar: Right?
Monal Kumar: Yes, so this is just an additional thing, but guys, in this course, we provide this amazing thing. We keep on providing these amazing things in this course. This is a one-year course. Whenever we have some course, we try to give some offer. Whenever we have something, just like Krishna mentioned, sometimes we provide things for free also, Udemy courses, that you will also be able to see.
Monal Kumar: So, think of this as just a good thing,
Monal Kumar: For you to try, for you to understand, for you to experience, and that's all it is for, alright?
Monal Kumar: Not everyone will be able to get it for only for first 500 people, you will get this particular offer. This is not for all, okay? And I think whoever is live will be able to get it.
Monal Kumar: Yes, guys, mine will be coming soon.
Monal Kumar: So, it says promo code expired, yes, mine will be coming and will… Checking all those things.
Monal Kumar: So Meng is working on getting access to everyone, so just wait a second, let's wait for Meng to come.
Monal Kumar: Don't worry, guys, don't worry.
Monal Kumar: Please share a link, guys, it is evolveview.ai.
Monal Kumar: Let me share that.
Monal Kumar: Guys, already paid, we already paid for, like, 1 rupee.
Monal Kumar: Right?
Monal Kumar: The coupon has reached its limit, guys.
Monal Kumar: link is working for me. It might not work for you for a few seconds, but because…
Mayank: Yes, sure, I can see everything else.
Mayank: So, actually, we are increasing the limit from the backend only, no worries, okay? I think we have to just quickly check something, so no worries, the… we are increasing the limit, so no problem at all. Now, what you will see, everyone, in the… I was at the resume part, right? So, I was also graded to Pro as well. So, don't worry, we are increasing this limit from the backend.
Mayank: Now, as I was showing, you can go on this resume builder, upload your resume.
Mayank: choose the file, and let's say if I just select my file, right? So I just selected my resume here.
Mayank: And I could upload my document. And what it will do, it will go through each and everything.
Mayank: It will go through each and everything, and make sure that it is able to create my resume right in front of me, see?
Mayank: So now, even I have to don't fill in, and I can just edit things out here.
Mayank: So I hope all of you are able to see this. And don't worry, you don't have to, like, for people who have made a payment, it's just 1 rupees.
Mayank: For people who have not, we are increasing the limit from the backend only, directly. Okay?
Mayank: Clear?
Mayank: Sign up is only through Gmail, yes.
Mayank: Great.
Mayank: So, yes, everyone, I hope you're able to see this feature. How is this feature? Where you can just select your already existing resume as well.
Mayank: And once you have that, you can go and maybe make any edits.
Mayank: So, see, each and everything, all the projects, and it is very, very much in compliance with the ATS as well.
Mayank: Right? Every one of my screen is shared, please check your internet. Everyone, are you able to see my screen?
Mayank: Don't worry, everyone, don't apply the coupon, we are giving the access free only, so once you come and sign up, you will be able to get the access for free.
Mayank: Okay?
Mayank: All of you will be giving the excess.
Mayank: Great. So now, once you get the access and this, everyone, I hope you're able to understand that as you interview and the resume filter feature, yes or no?
Mayank: Interview and the resume builder feature, right?
Mayank: Great.
Mayank: Next, you can also go on Career Roadmap. So, see, all of these roadmaps are created. I think many of you will be asking for the roadmaps for the questions. Well, of course, with that, also you can do here is you can go on My Roadmaps, and pay attention what I will do.
Mayank: I can create a new roadmap.
Mayank: Let's say I can enter my name, Mayank.
Mayank: Then I could have, let's say, 3 to 5 years, sorry, 5 to 10 years of experience.
Mayank: I could select that, let's say I'm a senior developer.
Mayank: Then, let's say I select my, full-stack developer, which is basically where I want to plan. Now, what I could do, I could select the kind of company. So, these are all the questions which you go majorly get asked, right, everyone?
Mayank: Gobina, please make sure that you select on Zoom the second tab, or where a tab where my screen will be visible, okay?
Mayank: My screen is properly shared and it's usable.
Mayank: Now, you could select the company. So, many of you have this question, right, that I'm targeting this company, I'm targeting that company. Let's say I'm targeting man-level companies. I can click on continue. Then, 5 to 10 hours, let's say as an example, continue, and see, it is going to now ask me questions related to full-stack development.
Mayank: Now, I can select these questions up, pay attention. So, let's say in backend technologies I'm 7, in databases I'm 8, API integration, let's say I'm 9,
Mayank: deployment and dev of, let's say, 8, and I could generate a roadmap which is based on my answers. So this roadmap, everyone, which will get created.
Mayank: It will be created for me.
Mayank: Pay attention. So, now I'll just quickly load my, like, quickly, quickly just load my roadmap, okay?
Mayank: So, let it just load.
Mayank: Si.
Mayank: It is a proper full-stack roadmap, which is for me, particularly And…
Mayank: This is where things get interesting. You can ask things as well, so you can just ask that, hey, explain me like I'm 5.
Mayank: So, these are all the things which you ask your chat GPT and everything, right? So, see? How nicely it has just…
Mayank: basically ask all the questions. You can select anything, and then also ask that, hey, ask about Step 2.
Mayank: You can say, again, summarize the topic.
Mayank: Now, I'll just summarize each and everything here.
Mayank: Go through the same and pay attention.
Mayank: sets of instructions, so all of these things, it will be explaining to you in a very easy-to manner, understand manner. Similarly, you can see the smart resources as well here.
Mayank: So these will be the interviews, these will be our courses, all of these different, different things you will get access to.
Mayank: In a similar manner, all of these things you can mark right here as well, so you can click on…
Mayank: Ben.
Mayank: So that you can also make sure that you are checking that, yes, these things are properly handled at your end. Right? That, okay, I have done this with HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Now, along with that, let's say if I go around DevOps, and I click on Smart Resources.
Mayank: There's a video, DevOps vs. MLOps, on Crystal Channel.
Mayank: Okay, so similarly, our other mentors channel will also pop up here. You can play the video right here only.
Mayank: And you can see that, okay, what is the difference? Then, there is a DevOps interview as well, which you can give.
Mayank: Okay, so all of these things you are going to get. Now, we have increased the limit from backend.
Mayank: And then, based on all the activity you do, you will be getting the recommendations.
Mayank: As well as you will be having your own learning center as well, okay? So I think we have to increase the machine from backend, so no worries, see. All of these recommendations, it is just giving me because I've created MLOps, all these things. In the interview as well, it is going to give me system design and backend, because I selected full-stack Engineering.
Mayank: And on the YouTube part as well, like, it will suggest playlist after some time, once it gets to learn more about me.
Mayank: Then finally, everyone, is the Learning Center, so you can save the videos or the playlist here, once from the roadmap, and you will be able to see this.
Mayank: So, how's the platform, everyone? Did you enjoy the platform?
Mayank: Yes or no?
Mayank: Right? So, one more thing. Now, what happened is that many of you will be starting your journey.
Mayank: And you will have to make sure that you can share, right? Share each and everything about your overall portfolio to some recruiters. Now, job feature is still in development, everyone, so we are working on that, so we can connect with companies directly, and we can help you with jobs. Now, what you can do, if you want to pay attention, if you go on my portfolio.
Mayank: Then you can create your life portfolio as well, okay?
Mayank: Now, I could just import my resume. So, the resume which I created, let's say this resume, I could directly import it. So, create a resume with all the AI and everything.
Mayank: I could say an awesome developer.
Mayank: And, just, let's say if I save it…
Mayank: I could publish the same as well. So, see? The same has been published. And pay attention, everyone. Are all of you able to access this? Yes or no?
Mayank: Are all of you able to access my resume? Sorry, my… this… Portfolio.
Mayank: Right?
Mayank: So, I hope the same is nice now.
Mayank: Creative event?
Mayank: So, yeah. You can also have your image and everything as well.
Mayank: So you can create your own resume as well, and anytime, let's say, someone asks, you can view the same live as well, everyone. Like, how it will look. If anyone asks that, hey, share your, portfolio, you don't have to go anywhere, you can just share your portfolio here only. And then all of the learnings, everything you can update here.
Mayank: So, this is how your full platform will be, everyone. So, I think we have increased the free limits. So, if I just quickly show you what are the free limits…
Mayank: Let me actually go on home first.
Mayank: You can see, you have the portfolio, you have the interviews, all the resumes, you have the roadmap as well.
Mayank: You can try out any of these things. Add… there's a proper step-by-step thing as well.
Mayank: Okay? We can optimize that as you may, so we can go and click and make sure that as you may is optimized. All of these things are basically available at your disposal. So, Praman, you don't have to apply the promo code. Please, like, just have the… in the free only, we have had this thing, okay? So, everyone, do you like the platform?
Mayank: Do you like the platform?
Mayank: Right? So, what we have done is, we have given the access to free. Now, if anyone has paid 1 rupees as well, not a problem.
Mayank: Again, it's a simple 1 rupee. We will try if we can refund that as well. So, you only normally have these things, okay?
Mayank: I guess, just go hayward with this, like, try out all the platforms, try out getting our resumes. Each and everything is properly working. It will be having all these things, okay?
Mayank: So, as of now, we are giving it totally for free to all of you. For all of you, each and every one of you, this is totally for free. So, please make sure you take the advantage of this, okay?
Mayank: And yeah, I think that is the whole thing. So…
Mayank: Yeah, I guess everyone, not a problem. If anyone has any suggestions, just reach out to me on my email ID.
Mayank: Which I've given to all of you in the chat. Along with that, please connect with me, so I also make regular connect content on YouTube and LinkedIn. Pretty sure that many of you must have seen my content as well.
Mayank: So, go through that. It will not be charging you anything after one month, so don't worry, okay? You don't have to upgrade now. We are giving, we are giving more credits and everything to you, so that all these things, if you want subscription, pay attention.
Mayank: So, the second I go on subscription, we have increased those limits. Okay, everyone?
Mayank: All the limits we have increased here.
Mayank: So, great. You can connect with me on LinkedIn and YouTube, everyone. It'll be very helpful.
Mayank: And I will accept your request once I close the session. So I think this page is slow, we have to do something for this, not a problem.
Mayank: So, did it load?
Mayank: I think we have made some changes also on the backend, right? So that is also why it is taking a little bit of time.
Mayank: So, yeah, great event. I think the same chat will be helpful. Anyone has any suggestions, anything?
Mayank: Right?
Mayank: I hope all of you love this platform, so please make sure that you use this thing to the best extent. As I said, we are giving it for totally free.
Mayank: And I hope that should be helpful, okay?
Mayank: We have increased the limit from the backend, so that…
Monal Kumar: We also we get, right, mate?
Monal Kumar: And free.
Mayank: Okay, so we have increased the limits at the free one every one, if I quickly show you. So, these are the updated limits. I think they are more than enough, not a problem, right? So, lots of regime is everything you are getting.
Mayank: Don't purchase or anything as of now.
Mayank: And yes, you will be able to use it just by creating a version.
Mayank: So, yes, we have put in lots of effort on this platform every year, and as you can see, very good UI, very modern key things, something which each and every one of you basically try to access. So, just one last thing to clarify. Just log in and you will be able to access everything.
Mayank: Okay, we limit it.
Mayank: So, that was all from… I hope you love the platform. So, can I get…
Mayank: Thank you.
Mayank: Great. So, cool everyone, now with that, let's meet…
Mayank: in the class or somewhere, I will now, I guess, give it back to Mona, sir. So please connect with me on my YouTube and LinkedIn, and please try to access the platform.
Mayank: As we said, it is a very, very awesome platform for the audience who want to actually make a shift, or let's say, improve their career, because we have included each and everything. Your interviews, your resumes, your roadmaps, all of these things we have been… we are basically making sure that we give you access to each and every of that, okay?
Mayank: So, with that, thanks a lot, everyone. I think… thanks a lot, Mona, for your time as well, and I think we can just continue with your doubts. Please make sure that you try out the platform, everyone, because as we said, normally we are giving it for free for all the students of this batch only.
Mayank: And the same, I believe, will be very helpful, okay?
Mayank: Cool then. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Monal Kumar: Thank you very much for me.
Monal Kumar: Guys, we have seen an awesome demo from my answer, and let me tell you one thing.
Monal Kumar: Meng is the whole architect of this particular project. He's architecting everything, so soon you will be seeing him, and you're… I hope everyone has subscribed to Meng's channel, because you will see awesome things in the YouTube channel as well. Alright?
Monal Kumar: Yes, is everyone clear? Everyone is feeling good. Good induction day.
Monal Kumar: Got a lot of things.
Monal Kumar: Alright, awesome, awesome, guys, awesome.
Monal Kumar: I can see, raised hands are already lower than before, and guys, whoever query is already kind of a duplicate query of someone else, or similar kind of a query is already answered, please unraise your hand so that I can see the correct stats.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
Monal Kumar: Guys… See, unraise your hand if you think that your query has already been
Monal Kumar: Answered, not just your query, but a similar one is already answered.
Monal Kumar: Guys, I do have a YouTube channel, and soon… in this month, you will see some videos, but still, it is not… I have not uploaded a single video, but this month, I will be uploading it. Then I will share my link, alright?
Monal Kumar: Okay, one more thing I wanted to start, that is, this is the first day, and I want all of you to at least be active here.
Monal Kumar: Sorry about that. Guys, I hope this screen is visible, you are able to see some writings… Yes? Great.
Monal Kumar: Okay? So let me write, guys, this is what you're going to see from the next… my writing, okay? My writing is not too great, but still, you guys have to deal with it.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so this is 2026 Day… One induction.
Monal Kumar: Don't worry, it is not that bad with… I'm writing
Monal Kumar: For the first time in a few weeks.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So what we are going to do, the first thing which I want to tell you before the doubt session part is the LinkedIn post.
Monal Kumar: Okay?
Monal Kumar: Estimate…
Monal Kumar: the LinkedIn post, how to post it, what should be the format, because I have seen a lot of people, they just write up
Monal Kumar: Let me select this blog. They just write their post like a paragraph, that someone is reading a blog. No. In LinkedIn, no one is there to read blogs. Guys, do you think that if you see
Monal Kumar: 5,000 words of a… in a post. Are you guys going to read that post?
Monal Kumar: Are you guys going to read that post?
Monal Kumar: Tell me, if you see 5,000 words in a post, will you read that? No.
Monal Kumar: you will not read it. The ideal way to create a small post, even if you think that I am not technically sound, or I have not done… I have not learned a lot much in this particular session, or in this whole week, because whatever, you are creating an assignment, you are creating a project, or you're learning something new from
Monal Kumar: from different places, you just want other people to let, other people's… to tell that, okay, this is what I've been learning.
Monal Kumar: And maybe if you guys are interested, do interact with the post, or some comment or something, right? So what you will do, this is kind of the basic template which everyone should follow. Tell something about what this post is, little bit of intro.
Monal Kumar: Little bit of intro. But intro type to cover, and 30 to 40 words maximum.
Monal Kumar: Is this part clear?
Monal Kumar: Yeah, that hook of the video, hook of the post, right? So once you have that interesting thing, maybe you're saying that in this particular lecture, or in this particular session in Krishnak Academy, today we have seen these awesome things, we have learned all of those things. That part is… should be your intro. Then you will tell some interesting facts about that particular thing.
Monal Kumar: That is, this intro is, let's suppose this is about induction class. So, induction class intro is done within 30 to 40 words. This is the maximum. You can obviously go below that. After that, what you will do, you will create some kind of information. But again, do you want all the 5,000 words here?
Monal Kumar: Do you want all the 5,000 words to be present here in the information? No. We don't want that. So what we want, we want some kind of a bullet point, we want some kind of a bullet point, or you can add those smileys, those emojic ones.
Monal Kumar: Right? Sometimes you will see that people write… people do start their bullet points with this one. Sometimes they start with smiley, yes?
Monal Kumar: How many of you have seen that post? Some of them starts with that Earth, that is a networking smiley con… emojicon.
Monal Kumar: How many of you have seen that?
Monal Kumar: So, intro about the post, what you are telling people, then what exactly you have done, but in an interesting manner. You don't want 500 words, you don't want 100, in very short. Then, later, if you want
Monal Kumar: do like, comment, whatever you guys want. If you want, you can just add things at the footer of your post. Otherwise, this part is good. The smaller your post is going to be, the better it is for other people to read it fast, and then move to the next post.
Monal Kumar: So, you don't want other people to waste time in your post. It should be short, what you've done, and it should also have some hashtags. That is.
Monal Kumar: Machine learning.
Monal Kumar: Machine learning, okay? You will also write AI. You can write data science.
Monal Kumar: And also, you can tag me, Monol, you can also tag Krisher, you can tag Krishnak Academy, you can just search on it, okay? Krishnak Academy, and then we all will be able to see the post, we can interact with it so that other people can also see.
Monal Kumar: So this is how you should start. At least start posting something you will learn as you go, okay? The more you post, the more you will learn what people like, what people don't like. What will happen?
Monal Kumar: Once you have all of these tags and some details in the introduction or in the bullet points, suppose after 3 months, suppose after 3 months, someone is trying to search for machine learning.
Monal Kumar: And if your post says, lot of machine learning, whose name is going to pop up?
Monal Kumar: In LinkedIn, if you check, there are multiple sections. One of them, you will see people, another you will see jobs, then you will see location, and other things.
Monal Kumar: If someone searched for machine learning and people, who's
Monal Kumar: Post is going to pop up.
Monal Kumar: our post is going to pop up. Our post means people who are active in the LinkedIn community, your post is going to pop up, and this is what we also want.
Monal Kumar: So, is everyone having a clear understanding, John, and high-level overview.
Monal Kumar: what we have to do on LinkedIn, Guess?
Monal Kumar: Hi, everyone.
Monal Kumar: Do we have an idea now? What we have to do just from the template point of view? Great.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So, this is what I will suggest everyone to do. Let me show you something.
Monal Kumar: Okay, maybe I have it, maybe I don't.
Monal Kumar: Guys, for the quick summary, have an introduction, or something in short, which tells what this particular post is about. Then tell in bullet points, 3 points, 10 points. Don't make it too big. In short, but it should attract people, okay? In short, then write what footer is, maybe try to tag Krisher, me, my answer.
Monal Kumar: Krishna Academy, and then provide some hashtag. I will show you some
Monal Kumar: Guys, I'm providing my LinkedIn ID, and I will also show you some posts.
Monal Kumar: Okay?
Monal Kumar: Just wait. I'm providing my LinkedIn ID. You guys can follow me if you want.
Monal Kumar: Guys, this is my LinkedIn ID. I will accept everyone's request.
Monal Kumar: That's great.
Monal Kumar: And let me show you some of the posts.
Monal Kumar: Thank you very much, guys, thank you very much for the connection.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Are you able to see my screen?
Monal Kumar: See this?
Monal Kumar: Here, what I'm trying to do, I'm trying to provide some attention, then I'm trying to provide
Monal Kumar: what this particular post is about, then in bullet points, I provided something, then some kind of information, then I did some kind of a hashtag. Similar thing, you will be able to find a roadmap. Whoever is interested in the roadmap, you guys can see. In my LinkedIn post, you will be able to see AI roadmap for year 2526.
Monal Kumar: And here you can see all of those things, you will be able to see this roadmap also, which I have provided.
Monal Kumar: Yes, everyone is able to see the same thing.
Monal Kumar: Alright? And one more thing, that there will be a lot of questions regarding the hardware, yes? How many of you have questions regarding the hardware?
Monal Kumar: What laptop I should buy, what I should do, what I should not. Hardware. Yes, please mention in the chat.
Monal Kumar: So guys, please check out this post.
Monal Kumar: Here, I have talked about buying a machine from AIDL. Here's a quick recommendation. This is a recommendation which I have seen this will be applicable for 2526, so you guys will be able to see what is my recommendation. Maybe try to copy and paste to ChatGPT, and based on this one, try to check your requirement, alright? So I'm going to also share this post.
Monal Kumar: Copy link to the post, whoever is interested. Just a quick read, guys. Guys, is this 5,000 words?
Monal Kumar: Do you think this is a 5,000 words post?
Monal Kumar: Yes, how many of you are going to read it? Because it is short.
Monal Kumar: Only because it is short, how many of you are going to read this?
Monal Kumar: Tell me!
Monal Kumar: Yes? So always make sure that your posts are good. See this? Emojic cons. These are good emojis, right?
Monal Kumar: It tells us, yes, it is short and nice. I'm not saying this is the best post you will see on LinkedIn, but I'm just giving you a template to how to post things so that other people will see. See, I have 8,555 impressions. The more people will see, the more people will know you, know your work. This is what you guys have to do as well.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So that's all about the LinkedIn post. Now, we will jump to the discussion part.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Monal Kumar: So how many of you are going to post things from here on? How many of you are going to post things?
Monal Kumar: So many, not just ChatGPT, we use multiples.
Monal Kumar: That's great, guys, okay? Great.
Monal Kumar: Thank you very much. Okay, so now let's go to… the discussion.
Monal Kumar: Komal, you are… Next, Komal.
Komal: Hi, Monol. I just wanted to give you a little background of myself, like, I have been working in the software industry, but as a business analyst, more on the requirement side, like the client side, and to get the things done from the developers and from the clients as well. So, I'm looking forward to dive into the machine learning role, and it will be more focused for the agent AKI part, or the generative AI part. So, just wanted to ask, by learning this course.
Komal: what should I work other than in these aspects, like generative AI and agent tech, so I can grasp more, learn.
Komal: more ahead, and so that I can gain, because I have been working in the industry for about 5 years, so I have to, like, jump into the more experienced role to get into that salary, or get into that experience. Understood. That's one thing, that's one question I would like to ask.
Monal Kumar: So you are more into, like, a consultant, right? Can we say more.
Komal: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: You are an AI consultant, right?
Monal Kumar: Alright, so for any consultant, they should not know the…
Monal Kumar: details of the coding, but they should know what this tool is, what we should use, and what we'll be able to get it from, right? What you can get from this particular tool. So, I would suggest more that for any technology, suppose we are talking about machine learning.
Monal Kumar: directly go to machine learning and learn. Watch few videos, you don't have to complete things end-to-end. What machine learning does, watch machine learning does not.
Monal Kumar: Similarly, go to the generative AI part. Krish, if you check in Krisher's YouTube channel.
Monal Kumar: Here, you will see a lot of these videos, a lot of these fun, videos, single short videos, right? In a single video, he's talking about what this new tool is, what this particular tool is, what this particular new domain is. So I will first suggest you to do homework on the high level.
Monal Kumar: What is Native BI? What are the new things there?
Monal Kumar: What if agent decay? What are the new things here? What is RAG? What are the new things there?
Monal Kumar: Once you think that you have covered that high-level knowledge, and at least you should know when to pick RAG, when to not pick, when to go to Generative AI, once you have that, then go into the types of RAG, what we should do, what it works with, what it does not work with. So, as a consultant, I would suggest you to understand do's and don'ts of each and every level, but at every level, try… the first level should be high level, then the next one should be the
Monal Kumar: Little bit more modular in terms of… more details in terms of,
Monal Kumar: What it does, what it does not, then go to all the… but not the coding part.
Komal: Sorry to interrupt, I'm not in the consultant role for AI, I am working as a business analyst, and.
Monal Kumar: Business analyst.
Komal: business analyst, where developers and clients, where there's a medium between a person who just get the requirements going, that the users.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Komal: all the things done, so that's what…
Komal: So, that's one… that's the role I have. But I have to transition into the AI role. But I'm focused on generative AI and agent-tech AI roadmap. So, what should I hop first? Like, of course, I understand that I should learn the videos, basics of it, and everything into it, but developing certain things, how should I opt for that?
Monal Kumar: You want to develop some things as well, right?
Komal: Alright.
Monal Kumar: So, for developing something, what I would suggest is to have a very strong fundamentals in the Python part. Do you have Python? Do you know Python?
Monal Kumar: Yeah, I know Python, but basic one. Alright, so Python, without having a good understanding of the Python, even if you start the generative AI journey, all you will be able to do is just to learn something. But in terms of implementation, you require a good understanding of development that you will get from Python.
Monal Kumar: So go with Python, go with API. Once you have both Python API integration, then I will suggest you directly jump onto the Generative AI part of it, so that you will know, what… with the skills of Generative AI, how to build around it.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
Monal Kumar: So, yes. But the machine learning part, don't leave this concept, because as you mentioned, that you will remove… you want to move it to the AI part of it. So, AI part, machine learning can come, deep learning can come, SQL can come, stats will come. That will make you a more seasoned data scientist.
Komal: Okay, okay.
Monal Kumar: But slowly move, like, just like Krishna mentioned, from the modern path, go all the way to the traditional path. But start from the modern, and go back to the traditional path.
Monal Kumar: Cool. Okay.
Monal Kumar: Good. Alright.
Monal Kumar: Anything else, Colin?
Komal: No thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure.
Monal Kumar: Alright, Muhammad, I did mention that Mac will work, but Mac totally depends on your
Monal Kumar: How should I say?
Monal Kumar: What is your budget around that?
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Mac, AI needs, it does AI needs, but I did mention about Mac. Mac, you should not do for training. Machine learning is fine. Don't go for deep learning. Dhananchai?
Monal Kumar: Rananjay?
Dhananjay: He has to…
Monal Kumar: Your query is already over?
Dhananjay: Yes, I have, like, texted you in, like, Zoom meeting.
Monal Kumar: But I cannot see, I have, as I mentioned, right, the message just keeps scrolling up.
Dhananjay: Give me one second, sir.
Monal Kumar: whether for the tech stacks on that product, you know, to ask the architect. Architect is my…
Monal Kumar: Dharanja, what is that?
Dhananjay: So, sorry, sir. I was asking about, like, as I'm, like, pre-fi… as I'm in pre-finally a year of engineering so far, resume building and all,
Dhananjay: like, as Chris said, like, we, like, they will not provide certificate, like, they will only provide certificate of completion, then will it be fine for that?
Monal Kumar: We are not providing certificate of competition also. Krishna mentioned it.
Dhananjay: Okay, like.
Monal Kumar: But why do you want certification? I don't even include certification. In some companies, they don't even ask me whether I'm a bachelor's or a master's person.
Dhananjay: Dhanisha, have you built something?
Dhananjay: No, sir.
Monal Kumar: yet, that we.
Dhananjay: Got it.
Monal Kumar: Are you clear?
Dhananjay: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Heh.
Dhananjay: Yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: So your projects are your certificate.
Dhananjay: Okay, sir, I was actually concerned about that, so I would, like, like… I'm concerned.
Monal Kumar: Who is hiring by looking at your certificate, they are hiring you for a very fresher position, not for… not even for AI. They just want a person who knows IT.
Monal Kumar: And if you want to go into that job while you're doing this AI, then you need to rethink. Do you want to go into the normal IT or AI?
Dhananjay: No, so of course, yeah.
Monal Kumar: You got my point, right?
Dhananjay: He hasn't.
Monal Kumar: Okay, sure.
Dhananjay: So…
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure.
Monal Kumar: No problem, and Next is nitrogen.
Monal Kumar: After nitrogen, we have Murugan, but Murugan, after nitrogen, okay? Yeah. Natrajan.
Natrajan Subramanyam: Hi, Mona. Hello. So, first of all, wish you a Happy New Year, and .
Monal Kumar: been…
Natrajan Subramanyam: Thanks for bringing up this course for all of us. I just had one question. Yeah, regarding the hardware dependency, you… we will take it from your post, but I was more concerned towards the software, because I have a high-end hardware, but still on a Windows 7, so…
Monal Kumar: Windows is fine. Anything is fine.
Natrajan Subramanyam: Okay, Windows 7 is fine, okay.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Natrajan Subramanyam: Yes.
Monal Kumar: Windows 7, you have Windows 7. That might create issue for the lower packages. You have to solve a lot of things, because, Devanshi, guys, okay, Natran, just give me a second, I think Devanshi is…
Monal Kumar: Spamming here. Devarshi, you will not be able to copy the text. Only link is clickable. Copy is not allowed in the Zoom default, okay?
Monal Kumar: Devanshi, just click a snapshot, and maybe keep it for now.
Monal Kumar: Yes, Naprajan, sorry for that.
Natrajan Subramanyam: Yeah, I know.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, so Windows 7 will be an issue, because
Monal Kumar: you can run things, but you personally have to debug a lot of things. If you don't want that debug, if you don't want… because the software packages which we have are latest, you need to check what works in your Windows, then when we work with Python and a lot of deep learning things, then you need to check which version works in your Windows 7. Are you getting my point?
Natrajan Subramanyam: Yeah, understood.
Monal Kumar: Okay, so if you don't want to deal with that, maybe you can install Linux in your system, because Linux is pretty standard with any of the hardware.
Monal Kumar: Okay? But if your system cannot run Windows 11, alright, only then do the Linux, otherwise there is a learning curve in Linux as well. So what is the situation? What exactly you want to do?
Natrajan Subramanyam: Yeah, in that case, I have to upgrade my OS. That is one option on Windows.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: Because it is going to create an unnecessary issue for your learning, and that is something which I don't want, right? It is not an issue, but you have to be debugging a lot of things. It might be breaking a lot of things, alright?
Natrajan Subramanyam: Correct. Okay.
Monal Kumar: And yeah, someone suggested that you can dual boot also. You can also dual boot Windows and Windows 11 also, Windows 7 and dual boot Windows 11. You can also.
Natrajan Subramanyam: do that.
Monal Kumar: But based on the system, maybe it is consumed… just check it, check your system configuration, whether it is… it is not an old system, or it is very old.
Natrajan Subramanyam: It's a Lenovo ThinkPad with i7 processor.
Monal Kumar: I, someone will handle… I, someone can handle anything, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Okay, sure. That's great.
Monal Kumar: Dual boot it if you want.
Natrajan Subramanyam: Okay, thanks for a good option, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, share it to them, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yes, thank you very much, LazyKamer. He told that small dual boat.
Monal Kumar: Guys, everyone will get a chance to speak. Mike is not previously. Okay, Surya, guys. Okay, after that, it is Murugan.
Monal Kumar: Morgan, MK?
Murugan MK: Hello, sir, good afternoon, this is Dharmesh.
Murugan MK: Okay. This is my uncle's lab, so it's, named as me.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, myself, Dharmesh, and I'm posing a BTEC AZ first year.
Murugan MK: Yeah, my interest is, like, entering into tech industry.
Murugan MK: At the end of this course, I'll be in my mid-second year. Is this enough?
Murugan MK: Is this enough?
Monal Kumar: will be more than C.
Murugan MK: Meeting?
Monal Kumar: Okay, I will tell you. Everyone here who stayed till now, guys, everyone, Murugan, I'm not targeting you, okay? I know your name is not Murugan, but I can see this name, okay? Yeah.
Monal Kumar: So, guys, this is, not targeting to anyone, but see this.
Monal Kumar: Do you want to hire a chef who does not know how to cook? Guys, answer in the chat.
Monal Kumar: Do you want to hire a chef who does not know how to cook?
Monal Kumar: No.
Monal Kumar: So…
Monal Kumar: If that chef asks that, even though that chef does not know cooking, based on the industry standard, that chef can cook noodles for his own.
Monal Kumar: Alright? That chef can cook noodle for his own, but cannot make food that others requires. Do you think that Chef is going to survive in the industry?
Monal Kumar: That chef can survive for his own, but cannot survive for the industry. Not from noodles.
Monal Kumar: Similarly, it is the case for everyone.
Monal Kumar: If you think that this course is over, this course is the pinnacle of giving us a job.
Monal Kumar: Does, industry seize cores or skills as the requirement? Is scores the requirement, or is skills the requirement?
Monal Kumar: I'm asking everyone.
Monal Kumar: Guys, skills are the requirement. And what are skills?
Monal Kumar: Are they, are they just going to ask you Python interview in the job, or they want you to build something in the job?
Monal Kumar: What is the requirement?
Monal Kumar: Requirement is to answer the interview question, or requirement is to just build something.
Monal Kumar: Guys, requirement is to build something. So, if anyone is here is able to build something, Then…
Monal Kumar: It is… you… your job is done.
Monal Kumar: you are good for the interview. But if your skill set is only the concepts and know how to code.
Monal Kumar: then it is not going to make you industry ready. So this course is a way to achieve those skills and to be confident while creating the project. But is this course is going to give you a job?
Monal Kumar: Is this course going to give you a job?
Monal Kumar: What is going to give you a job?
Monal Kumar: Tell me what is going to give you a job.
Monal Kumar: Your personal skills and project building skills.
Monal Kumar: Until and unless you have that final skill which industry wants, you are that chef who only knows to cook for himself.
Monal Kumar: This is for everyone, and yes, Murugan is this part here?
Murugan MK: Eso.
Monal Kumar: So by the end of this course, you will know how to do things, but if you don't do… if you don't build… do you think WhatsApp is some kind of a… if I talk about application of WhatsApp, do you think WhatsApp is a… WhatsApp is a student project?
Monal Kumar: WhatsApp is just a small project? No. WhatsApp is a product. It's an idea that is converted to a product. So once you complete this course, take a problem statement, not just completing the course in the middle also, take a problem statement and solve with coding. Once you are able to convert problem statement to a solution, it means you are an engineer and you can be hired.
Monal Kumar: Are you clear, Morgan?
Murugan MK: Yes, sir, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes. This is for everyone, and guys, whoever question is around that, please unraise your hand, if you have the same thing.
Monal Kumar: Alright.
Monal Kumar: So, Surya, you are next.
SURYA: Hi Meng, can you hear me now?
Monal Kumar: Yes, Surya, I can hear you.
SURYA: Thanks, I think there was some issue with my mic previously, so I couldn't talk.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, no problem.
SURYA: Pharma background, with 10 years' experience working in clinical trials, completely not related to the data part.
SURYA: The current thing.
SURYA: But I want to switch towards the data science within the life sciences and healthcare.
Monal Kumar: It is like…
SURYA: I'm an enthusiast for learning the data science here.
SURYA: So, I just want to know… so, the skills… I have a couple of questions here. So, whatever I'm learning here would be helpful, means, from the scratch, I can learn from the scratch, right? Because I'm not from even a mathematics background.
Monal Kumar: I will teach you from very… not from mathematics background, but do you know… do you know, trigonometry?
SURYA: Yes.
Monal Kumar: You know, mattresses?
SURYA: Yes, I am… yeah, I know that.
Monal Kumar: At least just aware of it. I'm not asking the formula, okay?
Monal Kumar: You do know what is dot product, you do know a little bit of things, right? It's totally fine, that's all you need to know. But if you say, I don't even know maths.
SURYA: Okay, then… I know maths, until…
Monal Kumar: That is totally fine, I will teach you everything, man.
SURYA: And post that in my academics, we have a course for, all the…
SURYA: Yeah, again, the integration and all, I'm aware of that.
Monal Kumar: That's great.
SURYA: Not required to be a mathematics background for getting any job, right?
SURYA: No, no, no, no, you don't require that.
Monal Kumar: No, no, no, you don't require it, and I will… whenever there is a term called a differentiation, right, even come into one of the topics, I will teach you what exactly is differentiation better than your college.
Monal Kumar: And the school. Don't worry. Okay? Okay.
SURYA: Okay, then other question is…
Monal Kumar: Hmm.
SURYA: I have another question. So, other than moving to the life sciences, so I can also try switching to other domains also, right? In this case, if I'm able to build the requirements.
Monal Kumar: If you're able to build it, yes. If you're able to build the requirement, you can… you can jump there, alright?
SURYA: Okay, yeah, and here, as you mentioned, that you're not providing any domain-specific projects, so if I want to, know any… if I want to do any domain-specific things, I can do it on my own.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
SURYA: on that?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes. Say, think of this AI as I'm keep saying it now, and I will keep saying it till the time I'm going to teach everyone here.
Monal Kumar: I want all of you to become engineers. And Surya, let me give you one product statement. If you want a clean water in your house, and clean water is not coming, what is the one thing which you need?
Monal Kumar: I told you the problem. What is the solution?
SURYA: I have to install some filter or some system.
Monal Kumar: Great. So, that is purified, right? You just need to install some kind of a filter. If you want cool air in your home, it is summer, what you will do.
Monal Kumar: you will install IAC, right? Similarly, we have to become engineers. We will have problem. Problem can be from any domain.
Monal Kumar: this is the good thing about data, this good thing about the data science and AI is, the base of everything is data.
Monal Kumar: Data is nothing but numbers and everything which we're going to learn. But numbers can be from healthcare, numbers can be from telecom, numbers can be from civil engineers, right? The civil data and other things. But at the end, all of those are data. What those data are comes from the domain knowledge, like, the explanation of those data.
Monal Kumar: So, that explanation itself, if you're able to provide, you can understand and convert any of your understanding into the AI solution.
SURYA: Okay, sure.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
SURYA: One related question to this. Actually, recently I have seen some life sciences consultant and healthcare consultant jobs where they're asking mathematics background to be there. That is the reason why I had this question, like, am I really required to have that math… mathematics or technical.
Monal Kumar: Okay, that is their requirement, mathematics background. So, to learn AI, you don't require a mathematics background. AI is kind of a skill for you now. For in health science or something.
Monal Kumar: you have already a domain that is your skill, right? If that is one of the requirements. You will have 10 requirements. In that time requirement, mathematics is their requirement, mathematics is not a requirement to learn AI at this in this course.
Monal Kumar: So, if they require mathematics, you need to learn from them, not for the CI. Are you clear?
SURYA: Okay. I'm just asking from the job's point of view, is it required? Because.
Monal Kumar: In John's point of view, indirectly, AI jobs, it is not required, but that job, again, is based on some kind of AI. Let's suppose you're doing remote analytics from the satellite. Maybe from satellite, they require some understanding of coordinates and other things, right? That might require some mathematics. So that is mathematics required for that domain, not for the AI.
SURYA: Okay. Few jobs might require, not all.
Monal Kumar: Yes, not all, not all, yes.
SURYA: But also, there is a mathematics course that Krishna Xar has.
Monal Kumar: Yes, you can take it, it is a very good course. Anyone who wants to understand mathematics in more detail, and wants to be little… and wants to be confident that at least I know maths, they can take that course in Udemystra has the Mathematics Foundation course.
SURYA: Okay, I'll do that, apparently.
Monal Kumar: Thank you. Thanks. Yeah, welcome.
Monal Kumar: Alright, then we have Vivek and Dhiraj. First, Vivek, then Deeraj.
Monal Kumar: No Chandan. Data structure and algorithm is not required. Yes?
Vivek Palvia: Yeah, good morning, sir. This is Vivek Palvia, and I'll briefly talk about my experience. I have about 23 years of experience.
Monal Kumar: Nice!
Vivek Palvia: Yeah, in IT, I did start with manual testing, did some automation, then…
Monal Kumar: Moved into support and did implementation consulting work in the US, came back to India in 2019.
Vivek Palvia: So now I'm working as a platform manager in a company in Bangalore.
Vivek Palvia: My question was, I have made various attempts to get into, you know, development side of work.
Vivek Palvia: And I have not been successful so far, primarily because people focus on a lot in data structure and algorithm part of the knowledge, right? So I was wondering if in this course, you are going to cover, you know, ML or Gen AI-specific, some of the.
Monal Kumar: No.
Vivek Palvia: structures.
Monal Kumar: No, see, for ML, Gen AI, they don't require data structures. Data structures and algorithm is required for the software development, okay? Personally speaking, I will tell you that, if you met 10 AI engineers.
Monal Kumar: only 2 or 3 out of them will be a good software developer. Other only know AI things. But in the market, it is the requirement that… now it is a requirement that someone who knows software development also will become a great AI engineer.
Monal Kumar: All right? Yes, Bilal, I will answer your query next, okay? So, for the software development, we require data structure and algorithm, and it is basically that data structure is required how to store, how to create an optimal data structure, so we can retrieve the data and work with the data faster and efficiently. That is data structure.
Monal Kumar: And algorithms is a part where if we write algorithms to retrieve the data, or to solve a particular problem from the algorithms, with the use of algorithms. Algorithms you will also see in the machine learning, deep learning, but algorithm, basic thing is, algorithms is a set of steps to solve a particular problem.
Monal Kumar: So, data structures efficiently store the data set, and algorithms, when combined with data structures, is the optimal way to store, retrieve, do all these kinds of things in an optimized manner. So, it is not related to data science or Python, it is related to a part of coding which is used to make bigger systems efficient.
Monal Kumar: Are we clear? So it is a tool. It is a tool and understanding of that. Yes.
Vivek Palvia: So, one more question I had as a follow-up was, at my experience level, like, we have also talked about it in the past in this session today, that, what is the right way to, you know, what is the right entry point? So, what do you suggest? I mean, I want to kind of get a summary again, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes. See, this is the kind of thing which everyone in this field is kind of doing right now, and you are, as an experienced person, I will suggest you to think that
Monal Kumar: what is your future goals in terms of job positions, okay? If you think that you want to become Gen AI engineer.
Monal Kumar: That's something which I will not suggest, just because you already have a 23 years of experience. Now, within your positions, tell me, within your positions, what are the different job roles available?
Monal Kumar: What do you think people with 23 years' experience are now? Job rules, in terms of job roles.
Vivek Palvia: They… I mean, it could be different technologies, but they are director, senior director, etc, right?
Monal Kumar: Yes. So what you can also do is that senior director is something that is not everyone in the same years of experience is doing, right? Some of them are still managing the project, some of them are kind of a regional head, some of them are doing something like that, right?
Monal Kumar: And, are you facing any difficulty going to, those positions? What exactly…
Monal Kumar: Are they asking what exactly do you don't have? This is just one-to-one conversation, suppose.
Vivek Palvia: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: What exactly do you think? Yeah.
Vivek Palvia: What is happening is, our technology is declining in the company that I work for, right? I mean, it's not in the growth trajectory. I mean, if you go outside, also, there's, you know,
Vivek Palvia: Less experienced people are, you know, able to do the job, and they no longer need higher experienced people for that particular technology.
Monal Kumar: So that's… that's the thing, you know.
Monal Kumar: So, I think the issue right now is your technology has become kind of stagnant, right? It is not improving, and that is kind of restricting your job growth, because the technology is not improving. They don't require more of these, right?
Vivek Palvia: Exactly.
Monal Kumar: So, I will better suggest, to now go for…
Monal Kumar: What exactly is your day-to-day work, what you do now, right now? Let me understand that first.
Vivek Palvia: Yeah, I actually have a team of 8 people that I manage, so it's, I would say 40% of people management, 60% of technology, end-to-end work, and, you know, ends up work, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so this is more like a people management, or…
Monal Kumar: People soft part of it, right? Yeah. I think this is a good position, but for you to showcase the… you already have those skills. Have you applied to any of those companies? Any other companies in your same position?
Vivek Palvia: I mean, those positions are no longer there. If I look…
Monal Kumar: No, I'm not seeing the lead, because, see, if you… the position that you have, that you have people, management, and others, they directly don't ask the technologies. They just ask that you should under have… you should understand that how to lead people
Monal Kumar: So, are there no positions that requires leading people, and they only require some type kind of a skill?
Monal Kumar: What skills are you not able to have? This is what I want to understand.
Vivek Palvia: Basically, the key issue that I have is I have never done programming in my 23 years. I mean, I have never done any program that I have put into production. I have done some programs as hobbies.
Monal Kumar: Yay.
Vivek Palvia: So, that is the key thing that I miss. And nowadays, you know, be it any technology, they would definitely require some of the design skills, some of the programming skills, some of the architectural condition, you know, considerations. So, these are definitely coming up in the interviews. So…
Monal Kumar: What positions… I just want to understand what position you applied, where they are asking this.
Vivek Palvia: So, I applied for a senior manager position for platform engineering, and they started asking me, yeah, how will you architect a SaaS solution, for example?
Monal Kumar: Alright, alright, alright.
Vivek Palvia: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: the next thing which you will be going is kind of architect position itself, because you have from T3. All right, so let's create a plan for you, and for the architect, I will not suggest… I will suggest to learn this course, but in parallel, what you have to do is you need to understand the ops part of it.
Vivek Palvia: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Are you clear? So, I would suggest you to understand data engineering fundamentals. Not all. I will not say to go into the Hadoop and see what are the things that happens in Hadoop.
Monal Kumar: what Hadoop does, what Spark does, why do we use it, what are the few technical things on there. Once you have it, then… because for any architect, they need to know the data in and the output also, what we are providing in this whole ecosystem. And right now, you require those technologies to be learned.
Monal Kumar: In the meantime, you're learning the AI part of it. Are you getting my point? From this course? So, in parallel to this course, I would suggest you to write it down. Write first data engineering part.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So, learn what are the technologies used in the data engineering, and what we should do. Then, we should talk about some message cues. We should understand message queues.
Monal Kumar: So, also write it down, message queues.
Monal Kumar: Okay?
Vivek Palvia: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Message queues, and this is part of data engineering, message queues is also over.
Monal Kumar: And, I think for now… okay, learn…
Monal Kumar: little bit of cloud, that what actually, we should deploy. You know database? Yes.
Vivek Palvia: Yes, yeah, yes.
Monal Kumar: as you already know, right? That how to, think in terms of scale and maintainability. So, scale means horizontal scaling, vertical scaling, when we should do horizontal, vertical, this is the basic, but you should go in depth. That I have the system, tomorrow I need to think everything in terms of scale, that this is the system.
Monal Kumar: If tomorrow 10 million people is going to interact with the system, what I should do with this, so you will be learning Kubernetes and Dockers there, but on a high-level overview.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Vivek Palvia: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Again, first, target everything as a high-level overview, so tomorrow, if I give you a problem statement, you don't provide me the solution, you provide me the architecture.
Monal Kumar: where I will attach what.
Monal Kumar: All right? And then the APIs and other things. So first, cover that this is your kind of a side quest which you should do, in parallel to this particular course. And I, like, stay connected with me on the LinkedIn. Once you do all of this, then we will plan something more. All right, Jay?
Vivek Palvia: Sure, sure, definitely. Thanks a lot.
Monal Kumar: Sure, sure, Rick, yes?
Monal Kumar: Okay, next, guys, just wait, bilal, are you still here?
Monal Kumar: Belar… Let me check.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: Hey, Bilal.
Bilal Molani: Hey, hi, I'm Manal Haripish. Yes, yes. Hope you're doing well.
Bilal Molani: I'll start with my background. My question is also similar to what everyone is asking. So, my background,
Bilal Molani: So, I've been in Canada working for the past 8 years now.
Bilal Molani: I… I'm working in one of the major banks here in the anti-money laundering and… Fraud detection team.
Bilal Molani: on… because banks are using some Actamize Paga, and those kinds of software, so I've been working more heavily on the SQL, and before that, I had the Java developer background, so I'm basically a software development team.
Monal Kumar: That's nice.
Bilal Molani: I wanted to know, because I want to transition into AI,
Bilal Molani: Yeah, I understand that you mentioned that there should be a problem which needs to be solved. I see that in the banks, which is… because these systems are not exposed to AI, because they are not open source, I wanted to know if, after learning this course, or maybe grinding hard…
Monal Kumar: You'll be able to apply it, in banking systems and others.
Monal Kumar: they don't go all the way till generative AI, because generative AI, once you understand the main concept of it, you will understand that why all of these solutions require machine learning. So I think within a few months, you will be able to apply that part of machine learning, and you will understand where exactly we require what we should do, what we should not.
Bilal Molani: Sure, sure. One more question I think you might have answered more close to that. So, for example, once we complete this course, because
Bilal Molani: when we apply for a job, or when we see some position, they told us… we see that they need 3 to 4 or 5 years of experience.
Bilal Molani: But the thing is, how do we reflect,
Bilal Molani: on our resume, to be picked it up and to be considered. Is it… because if I was a fresh graduate, I can provide these projects, right? But the actual work in the organization, how will I be able to tweak in the resume and…
Monal Kumar: all you need to do, this is a smart work which you have to do, okay? Something that, in your previous organization, because HRs, I know this is going in a little bit wrong direction, but HRs will not know what project you have worked on, yes?
Bilal Molani: Yes.
Monal Kumar: company cannot call the X company and say that, has this person worked on this X project? They cannot… they cannot never ask this, yes?
Bilal Molani: What do you.
Monal Kumar: are going to do, because you have an understanding of the previous project, and once you understand machine learning and generative AI, all these parts, you will have an idea that in the previous project I was working, in what place I can integrate AI so it makes sense.
Monal Kumar: You don't have to solve it, you just have to write it just to make yourself relevant.
Monal Kumar: Makes sense, makes sense. If you know… because if you know that project well, you know all the bits and bits of it, right?
Bilal Molani: Yeah, yeah, that's good.
Monal Kumar: If you know that, AI is just a part that you have integrated, and now you're relevant.
Monal Kumar: So, whenever someone is going to ask that in the interview, you're going to tell them in the terms of the flow and where the AI got and what it moved, because a lot of the things in AI, kind of a POC and MVP kind of a product, if you're able to integrate that and provide some kind of a solution, or provide some kind of a new functionality to the existing product, then you have integrated successfully. You can do that.
Bilal Molani: Yeah, yeah, definitely, I can think about it, sure, sure. Yes, sure. One last question. So, since I've been working here, I understand that the class on the Wednesday will be in the daytime, so I might be missing all the classes of Wednesday, and probably on Thursday after 24 hours, I will be having those lectures, right? Yes, yes, yes.
Bilal Molani: And also, I want to know regarding the Saturday and Sunday class, how long does the lecture is? Because I see right now it's 2.30, in the morning, so… and what time I can drop off, and I just wanted to know, out of 4 hours.
Monal Kumar: It is 3 hours, with 20 minutes of break in between, okay? You will have 1 20 minutes… 15 to 20 minutes of break within that 3 hours, and after 3 hours, we start the dog session. So, there is around 2 hours and 40 minutes of session, always in Saturday and Sunday. After that, you can drop off.
Bilal Molani: Okay, perfect, sounds good. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you so much, Ron. Have a wonderful day.
Monal Kumar: Good day.
Monal Kumar: And, yes, Pawan, you asked that nominal and Banking, they have started… guys.
Monal Kumar: Pawan, in banking, they have also started generative AI, and if you understand, generative AI, generative AI works on the data. It does not do the statistical prediction. It predicts the next token with some uncertainty or certainty, right? So it is used in the cases where we want to extract, summarize, and other things, but machine learning is used for places where we have certain kind of a confidence to predict
Monal Kumar: some kind of regression, number, fraud. You don't predict fraud with generative AI, you predict fraud with machine learning and all of these systems.
Monal Kumar: So, I was talking in terms of, what the previous system was built on for that person, not for the now cases.
Monal Kumar: Oh, one, are you clear?
Monal Kumar: Yeah, so it is… the use case is different, GenetiVear, but GenetiVear cannot be used for fraud detection and other things.
Monal Kumar: you don't know why some output is coming in Generative AI, but in machine learning, you exactly have control over that. That control we want, that… for anyone who wants that control, that's why we are providing a solution in stats, machine learning, and deep learning part of it. All right, Kana.
Monal Kumar: Just wait.
Monal Kumar: Deeraj, is your question over?
Dhiraj Chaware: No, hi, hello.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, hey, Tires, yes.
Dhiraj Chaware: Can you.
Monal Kumar: Yes, I can hear you.
Dhiraj Chaware: So, let me tell you my background. I have completed my BE in mechanical engineering, but I have no corporate experience at all, so I have no domain knowledge about anything related, but I only… I am working as a lecturer from, like, 4 to 5 years or so.
Monal Kumar: One of my lateral friends, I think 2 months back, got a job as an AI engineer.
Dhiraj Chaware: Okay. So, what do you suggest me? What type of role should I target, to get the job?
Monal Kumar: Okay, do you know AI right now?
Dhiraj Chaware: No, nothing. Okay. Just a little bit, let me tell you, just a little bit of Python and some part of, like, libraries like matplot.liband, C1, that's all, that's all I can do.
Monal Kumar: I told you, right? I think this question I've already answered, but I answered for everyone.
Monal Kumar: Do you think that this little bit or anything is going to give us a job? What was the answer for this one?
Dhiraj Chaware: No, no, no, no, no, yeah, yeah, I know. Building a project is very important. Yeah, I have been hearing this for, like, six months or past.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Dhiraj Chaware: Second question was related to that, where do I find the projects that, would.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Dhiraj Chaware: You know, shine, out of it, or show my skin.
Monal Kumar: See, see, I will, I will tell you.
Monal Kumar: Today is the first day of this course, alright? Right now, you don't even have… no one, no one here does not have understanding of the data science world.
Monal Kumar: If you don't have an understanding of a world, do you think you will be able to find the problem if you don't have that perspective? So until and unless we don't have a perspective of the data science world, we will not be even able to see the problem statement.
Monal Kumar: We don't know where the problem exists. Yes?
Dhiraj Chaware: Okay.
Monal Kumar: And this is applicable to everyone. So guys, until and unless we have the skill set, you will not be… it's the same thing. If you don't know, English, how you're going to speak with… speak English.
Dhiraj Chaware: That's super clear, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Okay? What we want is speaking English, but we don't know English.
Dhiraj Chaware: Okay.
Monal Kumar: So, let's learn English, then we will talk about speaking it.
Dhiraj Chaware: So, also, I have a question. If I have… I'm building a personal project, can I get evaluated with somewhere, in the community, or is there anyone who's able to…
Monal Kumar: If people are okay with that, you can do that, okay? Okay. But make sure, as I mentioned, do you want to create a project where it is… where you are asking someone
Monal Kumar: that your project… your project is all over the place. The code is not good, the code is not readable. Do you think that others should even read that project? No. It should be… it should be as simple as possible for the other people to evaluate it. But if it requires others to… 2 hours, 3 hours job, then no one is going to do that.
Monal Kumar: It should be very simple, and you will learn how to write code so others can read it, other can understand it. I will teach you there. Alright?
Dhiraj Chaware: Okay, so… so a question, like, there are a few suggestions that I've got from internet, like, go with the… at initial stage, go with the Kegel competition, and, so, and then…
Monal Kumar: I went to Canada.
Dhiraj Chaware: Go on to the… okay.
Monal Kumar: I never went to the L competition. It is good if you… it is good for practice and other things, but it is not mandatory. You can think of that as a parallel way if you want to explore, if you have time, but at the initial start, if you go there, all you will be is demotivate. You're going to demotivate yourself, and I'm not able to build something.
Monal Kumar: So at the initial stage, what you want is little breadcrumbs to feed yourself, be confident, get some dopamine, that you are able to learn something, that you're able to do something. Once you're at that stage, then slowly move forward to the more complex part, but Kaggle, I would not suggest at the start.
Dhiraj Chaware: Okay. And for resume building, are we going to have a separate session about resume building?
Monal Kumar: Yes, the resume by building we will do once we know that we can write things in the resume.
Dhiraj Chaware: Okay. And what about the mock interviews, and are they going to be, AI-based, or, one-to-one,
Monal Kumar: one-to-one mock interviews, just like this one. By doing one interview, other,
Monal Kumar: if I'm asking your query, a person who is having a similar query like yours is getting answered also, right?
Monal Kumar: Yeah. So, mock interview, if someone requires it a lot, then we will do it, but I personally know that at the end of this course, when it is time for the interview and resume, only 2% or 1% people is going to left. Other people just don't complete the course, or they just don't attend at the very, very end.
Monal Kumar: So, whoever stays till the end, they will be able to get everything.
Monal Kumar: Alright? But it is not happening in the between. Once we have completed everything, then we will start all of that. Alright?
Dhiraj Chaware: Also, are we going to have the assignments as well?
Monal Kumar: requirements I give.
Monal Kumar: In the previous lecture, if you see in the previous version of Data Science Patch.
Dhiraj Chaware: No.
Monal Kumar: I give assignments, but there are very few people who does it. So if you do it, then it is totally fine.
Dhiraj Chaware: So those are just extra, yeah, extra practice for the, because…
Monal Kumar: It's an extra factor for yourself, see.
Dhiraj Chaware: Yeah, what I struggle with this, data, database, like, if someone suggests me, like, do MangoDB, practice MangoDB or MyScale, I really, I don't know why. It has happened with, twice, like, I start with the database, but.
Monal Kumar: Don't worry, I will teach you, okay?
Dhiraj Chaware: Okay.
Monal Kumar: True.
Dhiraj Chaware: Yeah, that's on it.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure. Thank you very much, Diraj.
Monal Kumar: And guys, again, I'm repeating, whoever knows the answer of their doubt, I've already answered in some other way, please unraise your hand.
Monal Kumar: I've already answered majority of the question that I have this X experience and I want to convert it. I already told you that what conversion requires.
Monal Kumar: And at this stage, right now, what we want is, we want to… Do something.
Monal Kumar: But to do something, we don't have the skills. So until and unless you don't have the skills, you will not be able to see in the future. So be prepared, I'm still there, and I will be,
Monal Kumar: solving your queries, but if you think your problem statement can be solved later as well, right now you already have the answer for the base level, please unraise your hand. Alright? Are we clear, everyone?
Monal Kumar: Because I can see the same questions is there. I know you guys respond to,
Monal Kumar: ask the question and just want to get a confirmation if I'm in the right path or not, but guys, trust me, this is a universal answer, that you guys will be able to get into the position you want. All you have to do is be a very… be very good at it, solve… if you're able to solve something, people will hire you.
Monal Kumar: people will hire you. I've seen people transition from HR, I've seen people transition from teacher to AI, it is possible.
Monal Kumar: Are we clear? So guys, again, I am asking you to rethink if your problem statement is already answered, if your question is already answered, then…
Monal Kumar: will start that observation.
Monal Kumar: Okay? Satesh, can you also create one agent using Microsoft in future? Guys, my… if it is… guys.
Monal Kumar: For this particular syllabus, it takes 1 year. If we add more things, it will be 1.5 years, 1.2 years. So, our target in this whole course is going to complete the syllabus first. In the meantime, I will teach you more things that is not in the syllabus, alright? If time permits. But our first thing is to complete the syllabus. In depth.
Monal Kumar: Hari Prasad.
Monal Kumar: You're next.
Monal Kumar: Hari Prasad?
Hariprasath V: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Hariprasath V: So, a different kind of topic will be there, Python, machine learning, deep learning. So, when we are going to start with the project, and complete all the topics, each.
Monal Kumar: No, not complete. If we complete Python, we will complete one Python project. Once machine learning is completed, we will build machine learning. Once deep learning completed, we will build deep learning project.
Monal Kumar: Hey, Safan, sure. Thanks for joining, Safan. Safan.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: Reposado?
Hariprasath V: It's a small, small project, or industry-level project when we start building.
Monal Kumar: What is… okay, what do you think of, is an industry-level project?
Monal Kumar: What is actually an industrial project?
Hariprasath V: Yeah, what my understanding in this level is, yeah, it's kind of a real use case we can come to use there with the project completely. So, not only a small kind of thing, so one old feature we can build there like that.
Monal Kumar: And see, it's… I will tell you, when we are going to do the coding, every project in the industry level, and industry level is something… it's not something that is big, okay? If I talk about, in your phone, there is a to-do list. Is to-do list not usable?
Monal Kumar: We are not going to build to-do lists, to-do list is not a part of AI Engineer. But Haripher, do you think to-do list is not an industry project?
Hariprasath V: Yeah, it's a list level only, we can use here.
Monal Kumar: Yes? Yes.
Hariprasath V: about that.
Monal Kumar: So, industry build is something that is maintainable, scalable, and usable. It solves some kind of a problem statement. But it's not like we are going to build an application for NASA, we are not going to build an application for McDonald's.
Monal Kumar: Industry-level project means problem shipment can be solved. How do we solve it? Are we, noting down every aspects of it for the solution? How are we solving it? How are we approaching it? That approach, that solution, makes it at the industry level. Is everyone clear?
Monal Kumar: Is everyone clear?
Monal Kumar: In the chat, guys, is everyone clear?
Monal Kumar: PhD in Agentech AI, Ravdeep, do you know… all the basics.
Monal Kumar: Okay, Hari Prasad, does that answer your question?
Monal Kumar: Different side?
Hariprasath V: Yeah, it's fine, dear. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Sure, don't worry, don't worry. Whatever we will build, it will have a good amount of reasoning there, and which will help you learn. Learning is the main goal, and you will be able to showcase and talk about it in the interviews as well, alright?
Hariprasath V: Okay, okay, Mo.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, that's big.
Monal Kumar: Yes, and we have Kaushik. Kaushik, you're next.
Monal Kumar: Guys, we still have 56 people in the raised hand. It can be random, in any of the 56 people. Yes, sure.
Kausik Khanra: Thank you, Manila, and thank you, Krisha, for giving us this opportunity. And I have some basic questions. I was waiting for quite long, but it's not like all these things have been answered already by you. So, the course content has not been discussed yet, right? Because I joined a little bit late.
Monal Kumar: No, course content, We have provided the syllabus. We have not discussed the syllabus.
Kausik Khanra: Okay.
Monal Kumar: So, course content is something which we are talking about, that what is this induction? If you guys have doubt regarding something, this is what we are doing right now.
Kausik Khanra: Yeah, but, what will be… we'll learn in detail by step by step, like, Chris are discussing in the other sessions, that has not been discussed yet, right?
Monal Kumar: That we will not do, because if you check, that we already have a YouTube video on that from the Christian, and module a module, once we pick a module, we will start learning all the components. So, the modules that are present in the syllabus, do you know where the syllabus is called?
Kausik Khanra: No, no, no, maybe that's… that's me.
Monal Kumar: Oh, that's the… okay, do you want the link to the syllabus?
Kausik Khanra: Yeah, yes, please, or if you can just show me in a quick…
Monal Kumar: Alright, alright. I will show you because that is better for everyone, alright?
Kausik Khanra: Yeah, yeah, please, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yes, thank you for your query.
Kausik Khanra: And also, one more just little thing. While I'm chatting, is it by intentionally host and the panelists, panelists?
Monal Kumar: Yes, it is intentionally. Okay, okay. You will only be able to, answer us, not everyone. Okay, sure, no. Just give me a second, okay? Just give me a second.
Monal Kumar: Here we are, sorry about that.
Kausik Khanra: Okay, let me share my screen.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Monal Kumar: I hope you're able to see Krishna got in.
Kausik Khanra: Yep.
Monal Kumar: Yep, here we have live classes.
Kausik Khanra: Okay.
Monal Kumar: And in all of these classes, if you click, you will be able to see the syllabus. But where is the syllabus? Let's go to ours one. This is Ultimate Data Science, right? We will click on this details, then we will go to this details page, right? And here, if you scroll, you will see, just… wait… yeah.
Monal Kumar: Let me click here. If you click on enroll now, are you able to see this course syllabus?
Kausik Khanra: Yeah, yeah, oh, okay, got it, I have downloaded that before, okay, okay, okay, I got it.
Monal Kumar: Click on it. Yeah. So here, this is the full thing which we are going to do, module by module. First, we will start with Python foundations. You can see all of these things we are going to learn, everything is in very detail.
Monal Kumar: These are the topics.
Monal Kumar: These are the topics, alright? So this is what we're going to follow.
Kausik Khanra: Understood. Thank you so much, Mano.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure, sure. You're welcome.
Monal Kumar: Alright, and then, guys, next… okay, let me…
Monal Kumar: Kindly share this URL. Guys, I closed it.
Monal Kumar: share it.
Monal Kumar: Hi Monol, do you have an official WhatsApp community?
Monal Kumar: A lazy gamer, as Krisha mentioned, strictly, we should not have any WhatsApp. If Krisha sees that any of us is creating WhatsApp, even me, even you, we are going to get kicked out, okay? So, only the community, we are supposed to chat in community.
Monal Kumar: Kind of.
Monal Kumar: Just wait.
Monal Kumar: Guys, everyone is online, okay?
Monal Kumar: Okay, Dinesh?
Dinesh Thakur: Yeah, hi. Hey, Dinesh. My question is related to, first of all, I would like to mention my background. I'm working in Vienna as a solution architect here in one of the, insurance companies. As my background is from the solution architecture.
Dinesh Thakur: I would like to know, like, how I will position myself after learning these technologies, because I have tried here.
Dinesh Thakur: outside, because I'm having a data knowledge as well as some of the ML knowledge, so, when I have, when I'm trying outside, they, and putting my… some hands-on projects, which I have completed by my own.
Dinesh Thakur: I face difficulties, in finding, like, they think, like, how the solution architecture as well as the
Dinesh Thakur: These hands-on are mixing each other.
Dinesh Thakur: So, sometimes they… they do not want to, patch up with the things that… how a solution architect can code.
Dinesh Thakur: if I'm putting the projects, so it is creating the overall different perspective, and that is what I'm…
Monal Kumar: create a different perspective, okay? For a solution architect, no one is going to look and scroll into the resume where the project section is. What they're going to look into? That what was your previous experience, yes?
Monal Kumar: And in the previous experience, have you worked with any of these AI or things or not? As I mentioned, that in your current project, or in your previous projects, which you know end-to-end, if you think that there is a place where you could have integrated AI, after learning all of those things.
Monal Kumar: Write in your resume, and explain it later. It's totally fine. That is how you convert your things. That is the only way you can convert and get into the field. Otherwise, if you'd write nothing relevant, then how you're a relevant profile, first of all? Right, Dinesh?
Dinesh Thakur: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Okay? As a solution architect, your job will be very less in terms of coding. What you will be doing is, you will be sitting in the Git, checking the reviews, doing all of this architect level. This is what your job is.
Monal Kumar: And for you to do that job well in AI field, what you have to do is, you need to understand
Monal Kumar: Again, the do's and don'ts of a particular technology, the particular technology stack. In AI, there are a lot of technology stacks. Again, in Python, there are a lot of ways to do, not to do. I think you are well versed with APIs, concurrency, and other things, Dinesh.
Dinesh Thakur: Thank you.
Monal Kumar: So, all you need to do is, in your current thing.
Monal Kumar: add a module of AI, and that's what makes AI as an AI project, in terms of the whole organization level, alright? So understand it, but I will not suggest you to do line by line. Understand it, because,
Monal Kumar: in terms of review point of all, what should be modd, what should not be, what might create an issue, I think you will be handling more of those. Unfortunately, if you want to write a code, you're already more than a senior politician.
Dinesh Thakur: Definitely, this is… this is what's happening, because…
Monal Kumar: It will happen.
Dinesh Thakur: they, they make the different perspective, even if, I, I saw, like, or when I write in a resume that I am having a hands-on or the, working knowledge with the.
Dinesh Thakur: With the ML stuff, with these, specific models. So the perspective changes, and that is why I sometimes face difficulties, and I thought, like, deal with that.
Monal Kumar: the way which you are stuck right now, that is, you want to build something, and you want to build by yourself, I think this perspective, you need to change. I will tell you what you should do, alright?
Monal Kumar: you can follow it, or you can find some other way, but what I will suggest is that
Monal Kumar: Anyone who wants to create, create something amazing, or wants to reflect change in the organization, wants revenue, wants profit, anything.
Monal Kumar: They have to be someone who can drive something.
Monal Kumar: Alright? Drive something.
Monal Kumar: And I would suggest you to, focus on profiles, or focus on the next task where you are the one who is driving it, driving it in the sense that, suppose you are a person who is building a new ChatGPT, new OpenAI, right?
Monal Kumar: If you don't know what you want with the product, what technologies exist, what you will be able to build, can you build ChatGPT?
Monal Kumar: Finish?
Dinesh Thakur: Yeah, understood, yeah.
Monal Kumar: You're getting my point?
Dinesh Thakur: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Developers are good. Having a mindset of developers is also very much required, again, to a certain extent.
Monal Kumar: But…
Monal Kumar: If developers don't have… developers never have a vision. Developers have a problem statement and a solution. But what separates a leader and other higher positions is they have a vision, they have management expertise to be able to complete it.
Monal Kumar: So I want… I will suggest to you to not go into the development path like you are expecting, but you can do more by leading… by leading and creating something awesome. I think you can.
Dinesh Thakur: Okay.
Dinesh Thakur: Okay. I think that is.
Monal Kumar: That is fairly possible.
Monal Kumar: Vinish.
Dinesh Thakur: Yeah. Okay, yeah, sure.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, so expand your mind, expand your mind in terms of what actually products, what clients need, what might this application need, and try to drive it
Monal Kumar: By not doing the coding, but by having developers who can do the coding for you.
Monal Kumar: And that way, you will be able to achieve what you want to build. Say, developer's end goal is, write to code. But writing a code needs to have some bigger purpose, that is, to solve something. And solving and driving that thing is what you should do, Vanish.
Dinesh Thakur: Yeah. Okay.
Monal Kumar: I hope that answers your question.
Dinesh Thakur: Yeah, yeah, thanks a lot.
Monal Kumar: Yes, guys, if your questions are clear, you guys can drop off. I will see you on Wednesday, okay? And I'm not saying installation, I will decide what is best, because now you guys will be learning from me. I will decide what is best for the Wednesday, but within those 2 hours, we will decide something.
Monal Kumar: So you will get a mail that what those topics are. Thank you very much for joining, but for others, I will be, yes, guys, I'm not closing the session, I'm asking.
Dinesh Thakur: If you are there, if you can hear me. Just one more thing. Can you please explain that, subscription for that particular.
Dinesh Thakur: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Dinesh Thakur: One, because I have tried the coupon, but it is not working, so how can I get…
Monal Kumar: the… See, for now, you are getting a free subscription, okay? So, that is,
Monal Kumar: the coupon will not apply now. MyInster has changed the backend, so if you now sign in, you will get that pro subscription.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
Monal Kumar: So, that…
Dinesh Thakur: With the same email ID, right?
Dinesh Thakur: Because I have logged in with the same email ID, but it is not working.
Monal Kumar: Try with the second one, maybe try with a different one, and check it. If not, then, because the backend is already being handled by mine, so maybe try to check with mine in the LinkedIn.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
Dinesh Thakur: Book is not a problem.
Monal Kumar: But yeah, the subscription is, like, in every month, you will get some kind of a credit, alright? So, if you want, you can just try out on the free credits, for now.
Dinesh Thakur: Okay, yeah, sure.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure, yes, thanks.
Monal Kumar: Okay, guys, Wednesday is holiday?
Monal Kumar: Guys, tell me whether it's holiday?
Monal Kumar: Data festiva?
Monal Kumar: It shows free plan. Okay, free plan if it has more limits than it is already a pro plan. All right. Next is Bibu Nayak.
Monal Kumar: Libu, you're next.
Monal Kumar: B-boom?
Monal Kumar: And, after Bibu, it will be Deepak. Bibu, we are not able to hear you.
Monal Kumar: Or I'm not able to hear you.
bibhu nayak: Hello, am I audible?
Monal Kumar: Hello? Yes, people, you're already booked.
bibhu nayak: Yeah, hi, sir. I have a few questions. This is regarding the cloud, technology. Are we using any cloud, technologies, over in this course, so that we can get…
Monal Kumar: See, everything we will be teaching. In some of the projects, we might use cloud technologies, if you check the syllabus. If that cloud technology, like, let me just go to the bottom, we are not going to learn in depth, but we are going to utilize the cloud technologies for the deployment part.
Monal Kumar: And yes, we will be using cloud technology, as you can see in Module 27, page 31 in this labels. We have AWS EC2, Docker, and other things, so we'll be utilizing a few of those, which is required for AI, alright?
bibhu nayak: Okay, so this is going to be broadly, discussed about, like, how you gotta deploy our product server.
Monal Kumar: Step by step, we will show that this is exactly what it is used for, this is exactly what we will do, and deployment, alright?
bibhu nayak: Perfect. Okay, so, oh…
bibhu nayak: Are we going to learn any data modeling, kind of thing? Like, how we can…
bibhu nayak: build some data related, like, using MongoDB, as per the requirement, you know.
Monal Kumar: as a data… as an AI engineer, not as a data engineer. As an AI engineer, we don't do data modeling. Data modeling is a part of data engineering where they are creating pipelines for data to flow. That is a part of data engineering.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so what we will do as a data… as an AI engineer, we will see, because here we also have databases, modules, right? So here we will see how to interact with the database, how to create database, how to do basic schema, how to understand all of that.
Monal Kumar: Alright.
bibhu nayak: Okay, so at least we.
Monal Kumar: I'll be able to work with the database, yes.
bibhu nayak: Right, right, right. Okay, so actually, in, 5 months, after 5 months, company is providing us, opportunity of data science, project, so… That's great
bibhu nayak: like, after 5 to 6 months, will I be eligible for the, data science, role, in my current role?
Monal Kumar: After 5 to 6 months, you will be eligible for machine learning, but if you want to get most out of the 6 months, you can also start something parallelly.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
Monal Kumar: But I will suggest you to start something parallelly after… But, in machine learning.
Monal Kumar: Okay, you have seen that Fast Track video, which Christiana also mentioned, that's 5 videos, right?
Monal Kumar: In the meantime, Pirelli, if you can learn generative AI from Krisha's playlist, or from any other mentor's playlist, if you can do that, it will help you better, grasp the data science role in 6 months.
bibhu nayak: Can you quickly tell me the technologies? What should I, know, like, what all are technologies should I…
Monal Kumar: Now, you should go for, just check Generative BI for NLP.
Monal Kumar: All right.
bibhu nayak: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Genia for NLP, and a RAG system.
bibhu nayak: RAG. RAG comes with vector database?
Monal Kumar: So that you will be able to understand it, alright? So if you can target these two, well, then you will be ready in 6 months, because I will be already covering machine learning and NLP for machine learning, right?
bibhu nayak: Okay, okay, perfect, perfect. Thank you, thank you so much.
Monal Kumar: Thank you, thank you, Natalie.
Monal Kumar: And thank you very much, Parvan. Yes?
Monal Kumar: Thank you very much, following Christians. And guys, I hope that, everyone is getting good answers on their queries. Yes?
Monal Kumar: And also learning from other queries.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
Monal Kumar: All right? And guys, we still have, bookings open, so if you want your friends and colleagues to join this course, you can share the link, and… because still, we have not yet started, okay? They will not be behind. So if you want, you guys can, do that as well, okay?
Monal Kumar: Because sometimes people ask that after a few days, will we be able to join? Yes, guys, everyone will be able to join.
Monal Kumar: Deepak, your queries are…
deepak: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: hello, pay the buckets.
deepak: Yeah. So, one of my questions was, like, currently I'm working as a data engineer, and on a day-to-day basis, I work in PySpark, Python, and SQL.
Monal Kumar: Great.
deepak: So… I'm just, I was a bit confused. I was looking for this, modern data engineering part.
deepak: But, I got this one linked.
deepak: And I enrolled here, and just, in this induction call, I got to know, like, the next
deepak: month, Genai Batch is going to start, so I'm a little confused, like, because currently in my team, the Genai, things has been implemented in the project, and, the data scientist who does work
deepak: In that, so they don't, really use, male models and all, but, rather they use, Thompson.
deepak: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: I understand. So, see, there are… it totally depends on what you want to do, see.
Monal Kumar: For me, personally, I'm just sharing what I do, okay? It's not a universal fact.
Monal Kumar: So, what I do personally is that I never check what actually happens in my company and what is it. What I personally do is.
Monal Kumar: what is the next thing which I am targeting? And that's why I joined some kind of a skill course, to be able to achieve that. So I will ask you one question, that do you want to solve a project
Monal Kumar: or stay in data engineering, you like data engineering, you want to further improve your data engineering skills, what exactly your goal is? Not the goal in terms of organization, but what exactly
Monal Kumar: You want to see yourself in the next career, in the next career path.
deepak: Yeah, so my game is, like, I'll stick to data engineering, but I should have a good exposure to Jenai and,
deepak: The data science part a little bit.
Monal Kumar: Hmm.
deepak: Yeah, mostly to Gen AI and Agent AI, because, if you see, a lot of things has been implemented. Currently I'm working in, database, so most of the particles see Genie and all. So those are the inbuilt features of… Gen AI features, being provided by the database.
Monal Kumar: Understand. See, I will tell you one more thing, okay?
Monal Kumar: the first initial 5 to 6 months of this course, as I mentioned, this will be machine learning, but machine learning is one of the modules which we will cover in 1.5 months.
Monal Kumar: before machine learning, we have SQL, we have Strats, we have Python, we have all of those things, right? NumPy, Pandas. So…
Monal Kumar: If you don't want to focus at machine learning at all, I think you should directly go to the generative AI part of it, if you don't want to go to the machine learning. But if you want to stay in… if you want to become, like, an AI engineer or something, then this path is good for you. Otherwise.
Monal Kumar: keep with the data engineering part, and go and learn the generative AI as well.
Monal Kumar: That is more suitable to you, if that is your goal.
deepak: Yeah, because, currently, I know, I have good exposure to Python, SQL, and Python.
Monal Kumar: Hmm. Oh, I was just, just looking at yours.
deepak: 1.2 levels, so there was, like, almost three and a half months of,
deepak: courses for this Python, SQL, and all those things, so…
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
deepak: Yes.
Monal Kumar: It will take good time, yes.
deepak: Yeah, so what do you, would you suggest for me, like, shall I go for these data science?
Monal Kumar: Yeah, I will suggest you to go for generative AI one, because that is what you want to do, right? And that is what everyone is doing on your one, because you're already familiar with the coding part of it, Python, SQL, and other parts, and you're not really that much interested in machine learning.
Monal Kumar: So go with generative AI, but I am not sure… just check, once this course is out, right, once that course is out, or maybe check with the team that
Monal Kumar: where the generative AI is starting. If generative AI is starting directly from generative AI, not from the NLP,
Monal Kumar: Then, you need to learn those things as well.
Monal Kumar: Depot.
Monal Kumar: Okay, so maybe check with the team that where exactly that is starting. If it is starting from the intermediate level directly in the generative AI, then the initial months will be a little harder for… to grasp the concepts, right?
deepak: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that is what driver thinks.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, yeah. So, first check where exactly it is starting. If you have that answer, then check it, or talk with the team that, this is what is going on.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
deepak: Sure, thanks, Muller.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, thanks, thanks.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Guys, please give some math topic that I have to learn.
Monal Kumar: Guys, don't worry about the maths topic, lazy gamer.
Monal Kumar: work with metrics, transpose, and other things, the matrix multiplication part, if you're able to understand, then it is more than fine. VIN and Ayak.
Monal Kumar: Ben and I…
Monal Kumar: And differentiation, if you want to understand a little bit, just watch a basic video, but differentiation will scare you. Don't worry. I will tell you, just high level, when we are going to learn it, and that's all you need to do.
Monal Kumar: Got it? Yes, Abhinag?
Monal Kumar: Hi, yeah. Yes. Hey, evening.
vinay nayak: Hi, Monica.
Monal Kumar: Hello.
vinay nayak: Good afternoon.
Monal Kumar: Good afternoon.
vinay nayak: Yeah, so I have a couple of questions with respect to curriculum.
Monal Kumar: And, application, and.
vinay nayak: future score. So, with respect to curriculum, right,
vinay nayak: So, yeah, I've seen the curriculum and Silva's part. So, with respect to machine learning, right, you'll be covering all the algorithms.
vinay nayak: Hurrah.
Monal Kumar: what algorithms? Whatever is
Monal Kumar: will cover everything, whatever is mentioned in the syllabus. If you check the syllabus, every point is going to be covered.
vinay nayak: Okay. Suppose, if some things are not covered, and they end up being… in, industry, right? So…
Monal Kumar: That's…
vinay nayak: you…
Monal Kumar: Can you give some… I… we can give you a direction, okay?
vinay nayak: Huh.
Monal Kumar: But it's… if… to cover that particular algorithm, it might take 2-3 classes, 2-3 classes. In a month, we're not having a lot of classes, right, Vinay?
Monal Kumar: So that part, we will be skipping from the syllabus, but you should not skip. Once you have the basic foundation, you can learn those algorithms.
vinay nayak: Yes, yes, so what I need is, at least if you can mention, right, in future, what else I have to learn.
vinay nayak: Further.
Monal Kumar: Yep.
vinay nayak: So, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, I will tell you.
Monal Kumar: What makes me Know that there are newer algorithms.
Monal Kumar: What is the one difference,
Monal Kumar: that I know that new algorithms are coming.
Monal Kumar: What is the one factor?
vinay nayak: Suppose if I'm unable to solve using current.
Monal Kumar: Yes, then I will look for new.
vinay nayak: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yes, so it is me only that I'm looking for new things for a different solution.
Monal Kumar: Yes, so no one is telling me. Similarly, what will happen, that when you're going to solve a particular problem or create a project, something might not work. Then what you will do? You will do some homework, you will do some research, and you will find that this is also being… this is also implementable in the project, let me try it.
Monal Kumar: Yes? And that's how everyone is going to also know that new things are coming.
Monal Kumar: Alright? Okay. And also, if you are updated in Krisha's LinkedIn or YouTube, whenever something new comes, the first thing you will see is in Krisha's YouTube channel, right?
vinay nayak: Okay, yeah. Sure. And also, I'm not from data science or machine learning background.
Monal Kumar: Thanks.
vinay nayak: So…
Monal Kumar: Or donations.
vinay nayak: Maybe, do we get the information of what are the tools that industry generally uses?
Monal Kumar: That, is in, that we are already teaching.
Monal Kumar: Okay. Okay. We are teaching the… we are teaching the things which is directly translated… transl, things that are not being even asked.
Monal Kumar: You already renewed.
vinay nayak: Okay. And, you mentioned, advanced concepts are covered in different, cores. So, what is that?
Monal Kumar: No, no, no, no, no, it is advanced. See, if you check the topics, okay.
Monal Kumar: Mmm… Are you able to ride a vehicle?
vinay nayak: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yes, you can ride a vehicle. Yes.
Monal Kumar: Can a kid ride a vehicle?
Monal Kumar: You can drive a vehicle?
Monal Kumar: Can a kid drive a vehicle? No. No. I'm not saying bike, I'm saying vehicle, okay? Motor vehicle, motor bicycle. Kid cannot drive a motor bicycle, but you can, right? But are you a mechanic?
vinay nayak: Nope.
Monal Kumar: Are you a mechanic, okay? So this course will make you a rider. You can write things, you can understand things, you can do, you can do a little bit of fixes. But if you want
Monal Kumar: to be mechanic of that particular vehicle, of that particular category, because mechanics for a car is different from mechanics for a bike, right? That is what we call a specialization. So, in this particular course, you will see a course from computer vision, you will see NLP, yes? In one of the modules, you will see computer vision.
vinay nayak: Okay.
Monal Kumar: So here, computer vision is being covered in maybe 1 month, or maybe 4 lectures, or 8 lectures. But in Krishnik Academy, we also have a specialization of computer vision, which is 6 months of… 6 months long.
Monal Kumar: So those two are different, but it's not like computer vision, we are teaching you basic. We are teaching you things, but we are not teaching you things like a mechanic for the later part in the course, after 6 months.
vinay nayak: Good idea.
Monal Kumar: So you will learn things, you will learn things in terms of you will be able to create projects, do interviews, learn everything in detail. But if someone requires a mechanic, then you have to be… do the specialization.
vinay nayak: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Are they clear?
vinay nayak: And, one… yeah, yeah. And one more thing,
vinay nayak: I mean, generally, I mean, if you are using machine learning algorithms, we need to provide bet as input, right?
Monal Kumar: Yes.
vinay nayak: So… maybe… I mean, that… how to prepare the data, etc. That will be also thought here.
Monal Kumar: prepare the… I will tell you how do we get data, okay?
vinay nayak: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Don't worry, it will be pretty interesting.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Yep, don't worry, just wait for the main class.
vinay nayak: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Alright, yeah, sure.
vinay nayak: And, one more thing, with respect to…
vinay nayak: Nowadays, we have Copilot, Cursor, etc. that are being provided.
vinay nayak: And I've just…
vinay nayak: when I just tried giving a prompt, right, it was able to generate the code, everything. It almost built some application.
Monal Kumar: Which I wanted to do.
Monal Kumar: Yes, sir.
vinay nayak: So, what will be the scope of future for a ML engineer? I mean.
vinay nayak: Since you are in the same domain and industry.
Monal Kumar: Engineers. The scope for people who still remain engineers will stay, will be able to have their job. But people who, who think that, no, I only do computer vision. No, I only do X, I only do Y.
Monal Kumar: For people who only do certain things, their job will be replaced, because even the managers now can do the coding. Non-tech managers can do the coding as well, yes?
vinay nayak: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Yes, but if you're someone who can solve problems.
Monal Kumar: If you're a problem solver, you can solve business problems, then you will retain your job. I know this is very high level, but once you become coder and see problem in terms of business problems, then that AI cannot do right now.
Monal Kumar: Okay? Coding AI can do, but solving a problem, AI cannot do.
Monal Kumar: Directly, okay? You need to… you need to provide the steps. Sure, yeah.
vinay nayak: Okay. Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
vinay nayak: That's it from us, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Okay, thanks, Renee.
vinay nayak: Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Okay, then we have… Tapasini?
Monal Kumar: That was funny?
Monal Kumar: K… And then we have Riaz.
Tapaswini: Hello?
Monal Kumar: Hey, hey Tapas Finney.
Tapaswini: Hi. Hi, Monal. So, this is Tapeshvini. So, I'm having, 9 years of experience in IT, and basically, I'm… in my current company, I have already completed 5 years, and I'm giving this domain knowledge,
Tapaswini: And in this, period, I have worked on AIML, and from last one year, I'm working into Xenia also, where I have worked into RAG and multimodel.
Tapaswini: But the issue with me is, nowadays I have started using ChatGPT. So most of, like, I'm trying to get the interviews outside, but the issue with me is, like, I'm not getting enough content.
Monal Kumar: remembering anything.
Tapaswini: Not able to, yeah, share, like, but I'm working. Currently, I'm working into a lot of projects, but it's like, I'm getting less confidence to, go to outside and give interviews and all, so I'm just thinking to revise.
Monal Kumar: Have you given an interview? Have you given an interview?
Tapaswini: I have given interview in Siemens, but I got.
Monal Kumar: exactly you are facing… what issue you faced in the interview. What they asked.
Tapaswini: Now, I'm facing issues in coding, because I have moved into a lot from Python.
Monal Kumar: What coding they were asking? What coding they asked, can you tell me?
Tapaswini: coding, it's a basic coding which they have asked, like, the pyramid-based questions, which we used to do in C. So those kind of questions in Zen AI, they have asked, and they have asked us, other RAG-related, those I have answered, but I failed in my, yeah.
Tapaswini: But I'm good in, these things, but I'm trying to revise everything, so… but I don't…
Monal Kumar: You're already good a 90%, okay? Let me tell you, this is what I wanted to tell you.
Monal Kumar: It's… all you need to do is…
Monal Kumar: revise only the competitive programming, and at least only the basic part. You don't require, you don't require… they will never ask you to write a RAG code or vector database initialization code, they will never do that, right? So you're already good in all the parts.
Monal Kumar: ChatGPT and Gemini now are a part of a coder's life. They are not going to be removed. This is how now we do coding. Even me, even my managers, even managers' managers, this is how we all do. This is how we can be productive, right? Previously, if you see, to create a particular project, it might take two quarters.
Monal Kumar: But now it take 4 weeks.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
Tapaswini: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: So, that is how the ecosystem now is. But to… for the interviewers to understand, they will never say, write something in the PyTorse, or write a code and do something with the transformer. They will never say that. What they will do is that, because there are a lot of people who don't even know coding, like the basic loop and other things, which
Monal Kumar: Some people have forgotten, some people don't even know that. So they want to test people that… that does not even know those basic concepts and are relying on AI without even knowing the debugging part of it.
Monal Kumar: So, that's why this first stage filtering is. I know you know all those concepts which you have not revised, but that's how, things work. Just revise it, make sure… there are maximum 50 questions out there which you need to prepare, not even the DSA part. Only the Python basics part of it. If you can prepare it, you will be good to go.
Monal Kumar: It cannot… it will not even take 15 to 20 days.
Monal Kumar: That was funny.
Tapaswini: Okay. So, can I continue in this long, one year?
Monal Kumar: You should continue, there is no other view. Oh, okay. Continue in this long one-year course, or what is the other way?
Tapaswini: Or, can I go with the, other advanced and see, revise any, old videos from, Chris Sears, or… yeah.
Monal Kumar: See, this one, is different, okay? This particular course, if you check, first check the contents and see what are the things if you don't know. If you know everything, then that's totally fine, but if you don't know, then you should also learn this.
Monal Kumar: See, me personally speaking, I do know Agent TK, like, I've worked with and created and deployed a lot of solutions also.
Monal Kumar: But, if you see, there will be some time when a project will come for machine learning. What will happen there?
Monal Kumar: You getting my point?
Monal Kumar: ATVI and drag, we can skip it without even knowing in depth, because it's more like a framework which is already built, right? Attach a LLM, do some vector database search, but there is no framework which can do when we have the data, and then applies the model, do all the EDS. It's nothing like that, right?
Tapaswini: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: So having that mindset of an ML engineer, that is, EDA, understanding the data, gives you a better understand… gives you… makes you a better problem solver. That is what I have seen. And if you want to do that, then this course, I would suggest everyone to take it, because this gives you more reasoning in terms of understand what data it is.
Tapaswini: Got it, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yep. Yep. Yes.
Tapaswini: Thank you. Thank you so much.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure, sure, sure, Taras, you know.
Monal Kumar: Yes, okay, right.
Monal Kumar: Then we have…
Riyaz: Liaz?
Riyaz: Yeah, moral.
Monal Kumar: Amias. Yes.
Riyaz: Yeah, sorry. Yeah, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Not sure.
Riyaz: I think… I think we… I'm at the right time, because, Sweeney had the question, I'm in the same position, because I've been in industry the last 18 years, but I'm predominantly a tech consultant, and in the last 9 years.
Riyaz: working as a product manager in data analytics, but I already have that gist of building good products. That's what I've been doing as a product manager, but not as a developer.
Riyaz: So I made additional last 6 months that I want to be a big… that gives me happiness, like, I want to build some products myself. So that's how I want to become a very good AI software engineer. So I started 6 months back, learning Python and do some white coding using,
Riyaz: ChartGPT codecs, and then I built, MCP and LLMs, and then some RAG, but I didn't get the same conference, like, I don't have basics, that's why I've come here.
Riyaz: That's my goal. I want to continue this, one-year course, I want to build strong foundations.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, you would have.
Riyaz: My ultimate goal is to become a very good AI software engineer, and want to crack a job in high-tech companies like OpenAI, Microsoft.
Monal Kumar: Monet.
Riyaz: goal. That's my… I have a clear goal.
Monal Kumar: That's great, that's very awesome.
Riyaz: time… Yes.
Riyaz: Yeah, so is this right direction? Is this course.
Monal Kumar: It is… it is… it is the right direction, because you need to have your base clear. Base in terms of… because when you go to that company, they will not just ask you to use something. What happens if you want to build something?
Monal Kumar: Build something like a framework, like a langchain, then what you will do?
Monal Kumar: Right? So to have that understanding, you need to be on the base level. But for… to go to those companies, I will also suggest you to work very hard on the DSA part, because if you know everything, you can build your own land gen framework, but you cannot get the DSA round.
Monal Kumar: that company cannot evaluate your skills of AI, right?
Monal Kumar: That is the first stage itself. So, in parallel, start the DSA.
Riyaz: Thank you.
Riyaz: I understand. That's why I'm… I was looking… I did myself last 6 months alone, but I understand now I really need a meta, I need a direction, so I'm glad that I found you… you all. I think I started right…
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Riyaz: you can… you can guide and mentor me, right? So, I have time and commitment.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes, we are here, yes, alright? In every doubt session, you see, this is the day one, and you will see the same energy in every day, alright? It's not like we are only going to take the doubt session this time and going to skip it, no.
Monal Kumar: We are always going to do it. So, let's suppose after one month, you made some progress, not just this course, I will not suggest to always stick in a course, but always do some side quests, which will help you achieve that final goal, right?
Riyaz: Peace.
Monal Kumar: So, do that side quest, if you face some difficulty, or if you think that you're feeling a little lost.
Monal Kumar: just raise your hand in the out session, we will do something, I will do my homework sometime. I might not… I might not have the solution at present.
Monal Kumar: at that time, but I might do some homework and can give you some guidance later. You're also here, I'm also here, yes?
Riyaz: I'm very glad I phoned you, because I based out in London, and then I always go around people, and then I never had a…
Monal Kumar: Right. Yes, I can totally understand you.
Riyaz: mindset. I think I found Krisha, and then you all, I think I have very good confidence now. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yes, 2020, yes, the two will be converted. Yes.
Riyaz: Thank you.
Monal Kumar: That's great.
Monal Kumar: All right, and okay, Muhammad, Shajil… Hey, Manuel, just want to ask, as I have M1, so it is good. That is…
Monal Kumar: I also have M1, I can do all the machine learning in my system. For any GPU or something that you require.
Monal Kumar: For any GPU we require, we as AI engineers, or soon to become AI engineers, we have a lot of other options. For the tasks which require GPU, we can use other cloud sources for free.
Monal Kumar: And then train the model and bring it back to our system.
Monal Kumar: So, don't really commit to any hardware right now. This is the initial phase. Later, if you feel that you require a better hardware, decide it later. For now, don't do anything.
Monal Kumar: Muhammad, are we clear? Yes.
Monal Kumar: So, guys, hardware constraint…
Monal Kumar: even if you don't do coding side-by-side, just look at the lecture. After 2-3 months, if you think that now I feel like I understand code, because, guys, I will tell you one interesting thing.
Monal Kumar: when I started learning coding,
Monal Kumar: my mentor taught me so well that I was not even practicing code at the home. I was like, okay, I understand things. But yes, without doing the actual hard coding, actual coding in your system, you will not gain that speed and understanding.
Monal Kumar: But for a few initial months, everyone can deal with it by just even looking at the lectures. This is what I have personally felt while learning the coding.
Monal Kumar: Okay?
Monal Kumar: So, yes, and then Akshay?
Akshay Gajarlawar: Hey, man. Hey, Chris, thank you so much.
Akshay Gajarlawar: Yep.
Akshay Gajarlawar: Good afternoon, and thank you so much, Pravam, for…
Akshay Gajarlawar: providing us the platform to collaborate and learn. Just to give you a background, I'm a mobile application developer with 10 years of experience, and the primary reason why I opted in for this program is just to expand my skills, but at the same time, I'm curious to know
Akshay Gajarlawar: Will we cover,
Akshay Gajarlawar: the API part in this course, like Django or FastAPI, so that we will have the endpoint, and that endpoint I will be consuming in my mobile application as an experiment, as we progress through the course.
Monal Kumar: See, FastAPI specifically, we don't have a module for that, okay? But from the Python background, I'm also… obviously, I'm from Python background.
Monal Kumar: having an API is not a big deal, okay? And what I'm going to do, I've already, thought about a lot of things, that I will be creating a few lectures in my personal YouTube.
Monal Kumar: which is not present in this section, which you guys can refer it later. So once we have some kind of understanding, in the meantime, I will create those and upload those in my channel, so that everyone can refer it, whatever the lecture is required. Alright?
Monal Kumar: That'll be good.
Monal Kumar: Yep, thank you. Yes, sure.
Akshay Gajarlawar: Yeah, and another question was the same, like, a lot of us are in a transition mood, but is there anything, like, apart from whatever you just told, specifically for the mobile developer? Do you, like, if I want to transition, maybe,
Akshay Gajarlawar: Creating a portfolio, and yeah, primary focus will obviously be learning, but is there anything…
Monal Kumar: You know end-to-end things of it. Once you learn this AI, alright, what you can do, you can…
Monal Kumar: you can be an AI engineer, alright? That you can make it as a primary, or make an application developer as primary. What you can also do is that, because you know applications and can create applications, you can also do a lot of freelancing and create a product of your own in your phones, right?
Akshay Gajarlawar: Okay.
Monal Kumar: So, because you have…
Monal Kumar: I'm totally jealous of people who know this front-end and back end of the front end also, that whole application part of it. That part I want to learn, but still, I don't have… I'm not getting that time. But because I know AI, I know what things people want that can be integrated into the mobile application, right?
Monal Kumar: So, why not? So, you have a lot of endless possibilities, and it is a good thing that you already know that. This is, your side quest kind of a thing, that you want to acquire more skills on top of your application development skills, right?
Akshay Gajarlawar: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: So, you will… you can do a lot of things. So, I'm also eager to know what are the possibilities you're going to create
Monal Kumar: From this one. Yep.
Akshay Gajarlawar: Yeah, whatever the use cases that we will learn, I will definitely try to have those used on the mobile. That's how I'm planning right now. But yeah, we'll revisit this topic as we go. Sure, sure.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, thank you very much, actually.
Monal Kumar: Alright, and, okay, Rushna, I'm coming from a cloud DevOps, I will overhammer, kindly help me clarify.
Monal Kumar: Coming from a cloud DevOps sector, so I have the automation skill, I don't have heavy development experience. Once construction, I will showcase every topic as we go. Guys, I will show… I will teach you coding in such a manner that no one will face any issue.
Monal Kumar: Okay? After 6 months, as you can… as Chris already told you, Data Science Batch 1 is already going on.
Monal Kumar: None of my students complain about the coding part. Everyone is familiar with coding and confident with coding when they are jumping to the deep learning part. And you can even build more big stuff, so don't worry about it.
Monal Kumar: Okay? The development part, I will give you that mindset. That is my goal.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
Monal Kumar: Sure, yes, thank you very much. And Sumit, Sumit Sankar Das.
Monal Kumar: After Sumit, there will be… it will be Sandeep Shukla. But Sumit, you're first.
Sumit Shankar Das: Hi, Munel.
Monal Kumar: Excellent.
Sumit Shankar Das: And, yeah, thanks to everyone for bringing up the questions. I think most of mine are answered already, but I have a, you know, specific one. So, about my background, I'm into integration, like, and I work in product, like, different products, like Oracle, Millsoft, and Workday, this suite of tools.
Sumit Shankar Das: I have a little bit experience in Python, JavaScript, and Java as well, and SQL, so… but not an expert, and not into those libraries and all those things that we are gonna use. So, I thought that the traditional route might be good for me, but I also wanted to know, like.
Sumit Shankar Das: is the traditional route, and I'm happy to continue here and in parallel, explore things from the Udemy or other things that we discussed.
Sumit Shankar Das: But I wanted to understand, like, for… in order to understand and master Lama Index or, langchain, LangGraph, is it, like, these things are a prerequisite, or I can start them off in parallel?
Monal Kumar: It is not a pre… you're talking about generating BI?
Sumit Shankar Das: Yeah, I mean, like.
Monal Kumar: See, Llama Index and other things are like a framework where you combine LLMs and create a workflow from them. You can create an agentic workflow, so that is more in terms of… more around this agentic workflow.
Monal Kumar: Okay, or LLM workflow.
Monal Kumar: But before that, there is also a RAG, okay? And generative AI is not just RAG and agentic AI. Genetic AI is a lot of things, alright? There are a lot of bigger elements which does something that can be any kind of a job. That is also part of generative AI. So,
Monal Kumar: Llama and other things is good to target for the newer projects, but as I mentioned.
Monal Kumar: If we only target a very specific part of AI, we are restricting ourselves, for a very small thing.
Monal Kumar: We might work there for 2 years, but if you want to learn something new, we might again feel restricted that I don't know deep learning, I don't know basic NLP. How to improve the performance of my model. Are you getting my point, Sumer?
Sumit Shankar Das: Yeah. No, so I'll, like, I'm more than happy to continue in this current traditional route, because I know, like, agent EKI or EI agents, those things.
Monal Kumar: You're asking the prerequisite for generative part, right?
Sumit Shankar Das: Yeah, I'm just asking if I can, you know, in parallel, once we get the Udemy access, if I can start LangChain and Langgraph, and if they need anything from… as a prerequisite, like, apart from Python.
Monal Kumar: The Langchain Langraph, personally, for me, does not have any prerequisite, okay? You can directly start learning those frameworks, like Langchain, first start with Langchain.
Monal Kumar: And those are, a part of AI. Once the AI is created, what we will do with this AI is kind of that direction.
Monal Kumar: It is not about creating LLMs, it's about using LLMs, using the frameworks, and creating workflow. So, that does not require a prerequisite for those. Yep, you can use it.
Sumit Shankar Das: Python would be required, right?
Monal Kumar: Python will be required, yes. Python is the language which we use in AI. Python will be required.
Sumit Shankar Das: Okay, then once that we are, done with the Python part, maybe I'll kickstart that from the Udemy, so that…
Monal Kumar: Thanks.
Sumit Shankar Das: There's a requirement for Langchain and Langraph in my organization, so maybe, yeah, I'll do that. But yeah, I'm more than happy to take the traditional route, because I know machine learning and these things are the important.
Monal Kumar: It will open your brain. Okay, it will open your reasoning.
Sumit Shankar Das: Have a seat.
Monal Kumar: data.
Sumit Shankar Das: My manager also says that this should be the path that I should take if I want to learn, because everything, in the… like, whatever the business problems are, everything don't need AI.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Sumit Shankar Das: We need to understand where AI fits in and where ML and the other components fits in, if I want to move into an AI architect sort of space.
Monal Kumar: Exactly. Yes, sure, that's great, Suman.
Sumit Shankar Das: Thanks, and, would we… the… I think Rishi was showing some, projects, right, earlier. Okay.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, that is a project.
Sumit Shankar Das: Yeah, buddy.
Monal Kumar: Pro, that is coming in 22nd.
Sumit Shankar Das: Okay, of this month, that is a different product.
Monal Kumar: So maybe that is not relevant for us right now, right? Once we are covering all these things… That also has Python projects, that also has machine learning, that teaches you more, like.
Monal Kumar: Yes, you know, machine, yes, that is not relevant for the student of this class, because right now we are not ready.
Sumit Shankar Das: Yeah, yeah. Okay, maybe once this… we are covering the, you know, important parts, then we'll sync up and we'll see what all I can pick up from there.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Sumit Shankar Das: Okay, thanks, thanks, Marlon.
Monal Kumar: Yep. Thanks, Lynch Alright, and then we have Sandeep Shukla.
sandeep shukla: Hi, Manil. Hope I'm audible.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, you're already booked.
sandeep shukla: Yeah, first of all, thanks to you. I understand it might be a taxing day for you, answering so many questions for us.
sandeep shukla: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: No, it is totally fine, yeah. It is my responsibility someday. Yeah, thanks.
sandeep shukla: Yeah, so, just to tell you, I actually have, around 18 years of experience, and, my basically, role is into QA, quality assurance.
sandeep shukla: And, just to assure one of your points as well, it will be beneficial for all of them attending as well. I recently spoke to head of, our analytics department regarding what kind of people they are looking to hire.
sandeep shukla: So, what he told me is, they are least bothered about certification, or what kind of, degrees people have, but they are more into looking into projects, what kind of projects people have worked into.
sandeep shukla: And, whether the problem statement they are facing or they are looking to solve, does, the project, the project has already addressed it, or, he has the capability to address it. So that is where the industry is moving. It's moving away from degrees and certificates to projects.
Monal Kumar: I'm on point, right?
sandeep shukla: capability.
Monal Kumar: capability? Exactly, exactly.
sandeep shukla: You hit the nail. So, my question was, basically, I'm into QA, and the route that I was willing to take, so I just, appeared for my Master's of Data Science examination in December.
Monal Kumar: Nice.
sandeep shukla: So I would be completing that. Most possibly, I'll be getting my master's degree. So I have a basic understanding of the machine learning, the maths behind it.
sandeep shukla: the NLP and so.
sandeep shukla: But, first is…
Monal Kumar: that understand that they don't teach you the mindset of an engineer. It's more like a core syllabus.
sandeep shukla: So, my question was, when I spoke to, one of my… so, when I was having conversation with, the head, he said, like, why don't you look into somewhere into, QA part of, QA and RISC part into, your ML and, GenAir.
Monal Kumar: What is this?
sandeep shukla: Because that is what is the upcoming problem. Because building… It is a problem.
sandeep shukla: Building GenAI and everything, we have a lot of resources that would be coming in the college pass-outs. They would be coding and building GenAI machines, or integrating Gen AI into their workflows.
sandeep shukla: So, that shouldn't be much of a problem. The problem lies in, how do we, build proper quadrills, how do we make sure to reduce hallucination
sandeep shukla: How do we make sure that, the testing part, wherein if we are testing through LLM, how do we reduce the cost, of testing, the implemented LLMs? Because, testing quite… testing costs might go high. How do we build, valid synthetic data for our testing? So that is something where you should be looking into, because that is where I see maximum problems.
Monal Kumar: There is one very big problem statement now because of generative AI, that is LLM evaluation. This evaluation that you are seeing, right?
Monal Kumar: The systems are built, but now there is a very vague metric to tell that this way of modeling
Monal Kumar: Or this model works. Model, I'm not saying ML model, but I'm saying that this whole process that we created, product that we created, works. There is no way to tell that it is performing better, because nothing's… nothing is being compared, right?
Monal Kumar: So, it is all, it is really a problem statement, and industry is still looking at it. There is no real solution.
Monal Kumar: So what you can do, in the meantime, you can learn Python, create good testing suits from the Python test sets, understand what LLM solution, maybe create… maybe in future, you can create our own framework which helps us all of these things. Right, Sandeep?
Monal Kumar: But yes, there is a very big scope here.
Monal Kumar: But I will suggest to have that scope in the mindset, but in the meantime, also have a mindset of the engineer, because
Monal Kumar: At the end, what we want is, we don't want to be, stuck in a loop which management created for us, because sometimes it is a loop.
Monal Kumar: They want to fill certain positions, and if we have a person in-house, let's tell them to do that.
Monal Kumar: We want, we want to be in a place where it feels like this is what we want to do.
Monal Kumar: Okay? So if you feel like testing is your way.
Monal Kumar: So, think in terms of direction, once you understand the evaluation of machine learning models and deep learning models, it will give you a better clarity of what actually is evaluation. And once you understand transformers, which will happen later in this course, not by me, then you will understand that, oh.
Monal Kumar: LLMs generate data like this, that's why we need to think of an evaluation which suits the LLMs.
sandeep shukla: Hmm.
Monal Kumar: So, you will get there. But yeah, that is a pretty good way, because even I was working in LLM evaluation, I was creating that, and it is still a problem.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: So.
sandeep shukla: In addition to this route, do you think, like, I should go for AI Pro part, or should I also enroll for the advanced course? What do you suggest?
Monal Kumar: I think later, because later you do need to go to the RAG part, okay? Without RAG, how RAG works, because the matching, the cosine similarity, you will learn later. The matching that you're doing with the RAG systems and other, the retrieval that is happening.
Monal Kumar: There, also, the evaluation now is coming that whether it is even correct or not. So, RAG is also something which you require. RAG also, we are covering in this course, let me search for it.
Monal Kumar: Just a minute.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: So, RAG also is something which we are, teaching here, but I think what I will suggest is that for you to first complete this course, and if you feel like, I want to go in depth after certain months, 6 months, 7 months.
Monal Kumar: Then, jump to the next part, but not now. I think you will be able to understand the retrieval. Understand the problem first, and problem you will understand from this course.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
Monal Kumar: If you do everything in parallel, you will feel like there are thousands of things to solve, then you will be all over the place.
sandeep shukla: Right?
Monal Kumar: So start creating kind of an evaluation model for machine learning, deep learning, then jump to the LLM, so you will have an understanding of those suits.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
sandeep shukla: Yeah, Bishop, because, I actually am studying… sorry, but, sorry to take more… more of your time. I'm studying… studying basics from a long time.
sandeep shukla: And, I did, see the video, that was created by Chris, where he explained that, a hybrid model, so there is where you learn from basics, so I know most of the basics.
sandeep shukla: Then you have, just, for leaders, what you want to learn for leaders, and one is a hybrid model, the third model, wherein you go, like, you learn, the basics as well, try to make, sure that you learn more about basics.
sandeep shukla: And then, so, I think parallel, because even after, only after his advice, I started, because I was getting into the loop of studying the basic.
Monal Kumar: That is a link, yeah.
sandeep shukla: And I was not able to implement much. So, and with my experience, 18 plus of experience, if I don't implement things, just learning the basics won't suffice.
Monal Kumar: No, it's okay.
sandeep shukla: Parallel, I thought, going parallelly was the best thing.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
sandeep shukla: Where I revisit my basics where I need to, but I implement things as well.
Monal Kumar: Okay, so I will suggest you one thing, okay?
Monal Kumar: to first check with the team that, whether, the pricing of AI Pro suits you or not, alright? If that is okay, what I will suggest is that while you're working on a parallel course of RAG or generative AI, okay?
Monal Kumar: rack or agent TKI system kind of thing, okay? We already have a course on RAC and agents, right?
Monal Kumar: So, check with those parallel courses. In the meantime, because you also want to get the skills of developing something from the Python, right? Start creating an evaluation framework, start with machine learning.
Monal Kumar: And in the meantime, because you're learning the RAG and agents also, you know the problem statement that you are, that they have, then once that few machine learning evaluation testing suits you are able to create, then it creates for RAG and thinking that they're in the direction. So, what will happen? You are learning
Monal Kumar: And you're doing practicals in machine learning. Once this is done, then you're also doing the practicals in RAG for the evaluation part.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
sandeep shukla: Okay, okay, sure.
Monal Kumar: Because if you are not able to create for the… yes, if you're not able to create for the very basic part, then that is the…
Monal Kumar: complex one, right? Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
sandeep shukla: Sure.
Monal Kumar: So do something, yes.
sandeep shukla: Thanks, Mom.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure.
Monal Kumar: So… Give me a second, guys. Kanav, your next…
Kanav: Yeah, hi Munal. So, good afternoon. So, I have around 3 plus years of experience in DevOps.
Kanav: So, the… I need some guidance from your side. So, basically, what I'm… right now, what I'm trying to think, like, I don't want to isolate myself in, you know, DevOps sites, so I just want to, you know, create models and deploy as well. So, I have, like,
Kanav: as my background is from DevOps side, so, like, I just want to, you know, become a complete engineer, so…
Kanav: I just need your guidance. Rather, I have to move for MLOps, or LNOps, or, like…
Monal Kumar: MLOps is the… is… should be your goal, MLOps or LLM Ops. LLM Ops is nothing but,
Monal Kumar: part of MLOps, okay? So you can go… your target should be to MLOps or LLMOps, both are kind of the same, suppose, okay? For an example, high level.
Monal Kumar: And, but to achieve… to go to…
Monal Kumar: MLOps, you need to learn what exactly… what are the steps happening in machine learning, right? Yeah.
Monal Kumar: So… yes, target the MLOps for LLMOs, that should be your goal.
Kanav: So, like, my exact goal is, like, I want to become, you know, a complete engineer, so who knows who thinks.
Monal Kumar: Evil Ops is a computer engineer, yes.
Kanav: Okay, so, like, my background is, like, from Devo, so I haven't created any, you know, developed any model yet, so that's why I joined this course.
Monal Kumar: No, you will be able to create model. Once you do that, then use your DevOps skills and try to implement and… right now, I know, practicing things on a scale is not possible, it keeps you charge, right?
Kanav: You know.
Monal Kumar: So, once the machine learning is done, and, yeah, once the deep learning is done, from the deep learning, we will create bigger models. How do we scale those models on the DevOps part, and how do we process data? Then, that will give you a bigger picture on this whole MLOps, alright?
Kanav: Okay, so, like, my one more question. So, like, along with this course, like, what things I should focus on, like, you know, side-by-side things along with this course.
Monal Kumar: If you're able to deploy machine learning things, deep learning things, you'll be able to deploy generative AI things easily. Generative BI is already deployed, okay?
Kanav: Anchor.
Monal Kumar: We rarely deploy our own model in our system, because if you see ChatGPT models are not available for deployment, you cannot download the bids.
Kanav: Alright, so those are already a part of the API.
Monal Kumar: Right? There will be some LLM ops with… LLM, which you need to be… which you need to be surrounded by the ops, part of it, alright? But if you are able to do it in the deep learning, you will be able to do it in the LLMs also.
Kanav: Nope.
Monal Kumar: not… not a very different steps. Because your target is MLOps, I will not suggest you to go for agentic and other things. Not now.
Kanav: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Kanav: Thank you.
Monal Kumar: So, Guys, if your query is already answered in some way, please unraise your hand, alright?
Monal Kumar: We still have 26 people, I will answer.
Monal Kumar: Everyone?
Monal Kumar: That, again, kind of the same question I'm able to see.
Monal Kumar: Same pattern. All right.
Monal Kumar: Next is… Shaky?
Monal Kumar: Saqib?
SHAQUIB: Yes, sir.
Monal Kumar: Hi, hello. Yes?
SHAQUIB: Hello, sir. Thanks for… thanks for staying so long. And my query was, sir, I have done MC, and after that, I have worked for a few… 6 months, like, as a Python developer.
SHAQUIB: But I had to leave that job in 2022 due to some serious health problems.
SHAQUIB: No.
Monal Kumar: You're doing well now?
SHAQUIB: I'm getting better, and I'm trying to get back on track now, and I have 4 years of gap in my resume.
SHAQUIB: But I want to break into this field, so that's why I wanted to ask William.
Monal Kumar: If you have a health issue, then it will not be a break. Everyone understands, ma'am.
Monal Kumar: Okay? Everyone understand that you, have not created this gap.
Monal Kumar: It has been created for you.
Monal Kumar: So, that's not an issue, but if you have a skill gap, that's what you need to cover.
SHAQUIB: Yeah, that's why I've joined this course.
Monal Kumar: That's great, that's great, Shiki.
SHAQUIB: Okay, sir. And one more thing I wanted to ask was…
SHAQUIB: will there be… after attending this course, will be able to attend, compete on the Kegel platform?
Monal Kumar: Yes, you can.
Monal Kumar: You have chat CPT, even without completing this course, you cannot set up a problem statement.
Monal Kumar: give it… give some other notebook and ask it to solve it, solve it, solve it, solve it. But to do that also, what exactly it is doing and not doing, you need to learn the basics of machine learning and other things, yes? Machine learning, deep learning. So whether AI is doing right or not.
Monal Kumar: For that to… for you to learn that, whether it is right or wrong, you need to cover the basics, alright?
SHAQUIB: Okay, thanks, sir.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure, you're okay.
Monal Kumar: Alright, next is… Happy Indian. Hey, Happy Indian.
Monal Kumar: Under the ad.
Monal Kumar: Right? Devakar is next. Divakar?
Happy Indian: Hey, hi Monu, am I open?
Monal Kumar: Yes, you're audible.
Happy Indian: Hey, Monal, so, just a background of mine. So, I'm having overall 16 years of experience, and I moved from system engineer to solution architect, and then to a technical program manager, and now I am in a leadership role.
Monal Kumar: I'm.
Happy Indian: So, just a, query over here,
Happy Indian: mostly, presently, the Gen AI and the Agentic AI is something which is being used for creating the efficiency and to automate most of the things, right? I understand that we will be definitely going through the complete Python part of it and going to build our base strong, but is the VIP coding or the VIP coding tool integration will be also included over here? Because I think this is
Happy Indian: now becoming a parallel thing, right? Anybody who knows coding.
Happy Indian: Also, using the bypoding to make the things more efficient and get the things done quickly, right?
Monal Kumar: VIP coding is something that we are using LLM to solve the problem. Only LLMs. That is the main definition of vibe coding.
Monal Kumar: Okay, we are getting the answer, if we are getting the error, we are also pasting the error to the error line, getting things again and again until we get the solution. That is what we call as wipe coding. So what we will be doing here, I will not personally teaching you wipe coding because
Monal Kumar: You guys, if I give you an assignment, you guys can paste, complete the assignment, and provide the solution. That is a white coding.
Monal Kumar: Are you clear? But if I teach you a VIP coding… what is teaching VIP coding? I can show you some of the examples, but it is not something advanced. It is very simple.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Happy Indian: How to integrate the tool, like, how to integrate the cursor, wind surf, or Replit, and how to do the coding. I think now that integration is also available over the VS Code.
Monal Kumar: yeah, that is just an extension that we need to do. It is just an installation. Anyone knows how to… I will teach you the basic things, how to install other things. Yes, for sure, I will show you that, what to use, but personally, what I… I really…
Monal Kumar: do the cop… I really like the copy and paste from the chat. Some people like the agent in the VS Code itself.
Monal Kumar: And some people like me like, writing on the Chrome and then getting the answer here.
Monal Kumar: So, it totally depends, we'll show you both the methods.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
Happy Indian: Okay, okay, sure. And, one more thing, when we are kind of, going to cover the projects, is there any count, like, how many projects we're going to target, is there going to be a capstone?
Monal Kumar: It's not count-seek. Personally, before started teaching, I was learning from Capstone. And trust me when I say this, Capstone projects and all the places are very bad. There are just two, three, one, two scripts, and that is capstone.
Monal Kumar: For me, when I say a project, it means it should have modular, it should have reasoning, it should have… it should show that you're thinking about a problem statement and solving. That's what I'm going to give you, alright? So even if you have four projects, that 4 projects should be sufficiently sufficient to teach you how to deal with problem statement.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So you will not face any quality issue anywhere.
Monal Kumar: Alright.
Happy Indian: Got it. One final thing, whenever you said that we're going to maybe covering only 4 of the projects, or.
Monal Kumar: That's a hypothetical number, I understand that. Yes, yes. But it will cover all the concepts and everything. Yes, yes, yes.
Happy Indian: Yeah, so is it going to be a prod-deployable project where.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Happy Indian: So, what is the CRA.
Monal Kumar: to be played through.
Happy Indian: planes.
Monal Kumar: Yes, some of the projects…
Happy Indian: offs part, yeah, sorry.
Monal Kumar: No, no, that's totally fine. I was also speaking while you were speaking, right? Sorry about that.
Monal Kumar: If you check the projects part at the end of this course, you will see Project AI data end-to-end. You will see the last project, on page number 32, that is, RAG a QA system with CI-CD integration.
Monal Kumar: That is CICD, alright? If you check page number 31, where we are talking about deployment and automation, there we are talking about AWS EC2. Some of them will be in parts, some of them will be a project where we have CICD.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So not every project, because if you're not ready, if I… in the machine learning part, if someone does not know CI-CD, and I teach CI-CD, that person is not going to understand anything, right? So, we are going to introduce this advanced topic as we move forward on the concept part as well.
Monal Kumar: All right.
Monal Kumar: Same thing applies to all the projects, yes.
Happy Indian: Sure, sure. Thank you, thank you, Mona. That's covered my queries, yeah. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Thank you.
Diwakar: Hi, Monu, Devakar here. Hey, Devakar. Yes, yes, I can hear you
Diwakar: Yeah, so I'll make it quick, actually. So, I had a motorcycle accident here, I took a medical leave for more than a year, and I was doing as a performance engineer before, so my wife is a data engineer, she was the one who started,
Diwakar: Christian, your training thing. So, I went into training, and it was looking good. So, is the transition from a performance engineer to, AI or ML engineer is practical?
Diwakar: If so, yeah, if I'm having 16 years of experience, right? So, what can I put for the past 16 years? As you told, it can be a data engineer all these years, and then into AI ML engineer, or should I keep, like, a data scientist or AI architect?
Diwakar: What… See.
Monal Kumar: Exactly, it depends on what you are targeting.
Monal Kumar: I will suggest you to do some kind of a homework, based on your current skill set and experience, that what kind of a job role… when I say job role, I'm not just saying AI engineer, I'm also saying in terms of position. Position in terms of associate, engineer, senior engineer, that is also position, right?
Monal Kumar: So, think of a job role plus the position where you want to head, ping me in the LinkedIn with your resume, and let me check what we can do there, and we will… we will keep on building in that direction.
Monal Kumar: All right.
Monal Kumar: That is the best way. Without analyzing, going in the direction is not a good thing.
Monal Kumar: question, I don'.
Diwakar: Okay, I'll be LinkedIn then. And, I was going through the GitHub, the page there. It was 3 path, right? So, I'm… we are going for the traditional route, it was for 1 year. But if you see that the duration they mentioned is 4 months for the path 1, and 2 months for the path 2, and 3 months for the path 3, right?
Monal Kumar: That is not our course. That is like, that is something if you want to do fast track, yes.
Diwakar: Here, it's like, whatever I am teaching, whatever we are teaching here, if you check the syllabus.
Monal Kumar: Everything is in very detail.
Monal Kumar: But in their path in the GitHub, if you check, it is data science first. Data science can be in very high level, can be in very depth. Same goes for DS Machine Learning, CV, NLP. It is any one of them, you can see DS slash MN.
Monal Kumar: We're not talking about a single thing, we're talking about just things on a high-level overview. So, high-level overview, complete in 4 months, 5 months, but if you want to go and understand the real algorithm, then it will take time.
Diwakar: So, what is your session for me, considering my transition from.
Monal Kumar: Go with… go with tradition, but always work for parallel things, because right now, agentic and RAG are also there, which does not require a lot of prerequisites. It is very simple, right? So go to ChatGPT, tell that I want to learn this generative, and suggest me some videos.
Monal Kumar: Then check any videos on YouTube, start at least gain. I'm not saying to go in depth, but at least have an understanding at the very first level, what is an ATVI?
Monal Kumar: What is agent care? What is RAM? Then see a very simple framework which will enable you to communicate with LLM, like a line chain. Check the first coding, communicate with ChatGPT, that's how you're going to just
Monal Kumar: 30, 40 lines of code each day, or something. Maybe 2 times a week, you can also practice that, so you're also building something in parallel. A new thing, yes?
Diwakar: Actually, to this traditional route, should I go for the modern route or the advanced route?
Monal Kumar: traditional, complete the whole traditional route, but I'm not saying to go to the modern.modern route, it is generative AI master, and I don't want you to master. What I want you to do, just have a taste of this generative AI, at least. Then we will again discuss on this one.
Monal Kumar: For wrong.
Monal Kumar: I'm not saying to directly go to the modern route, yes?
Diwakar: Okay, I'll go the traditional…
Monal Kumar: Yes, do some homework on the modern by yourself.
Monal Kumar: build how to communicate with ChatGPT using my Python.
Monal Kumar: Alright? So, do this, then keep on increasing complexity on that modern path, not the modern path present here, because that is a serious modern path. I don't want it to be serious on the parallel path.
Monal Kumar: At least not in luck, alright?
Diwakar: Okay, I'll ping and, ping again. Thank you so much.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yeah, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Alright, then we have Vicky Patnaik.
Vicky Pattnaik: Hi, Monod, good afternoon.
Monal Kumar: Hey, Vicki, good afternoon.
Vicky Pattnaik: Can you hear me?
Monal Kumar: I can hear you.
Vicky Pattnaik: Okay, thank you so much for patiently hearing and answering all the questions, Mundel. So, most of my doubts, whatever I have, has been cleared, just I'll quickly put my two queries.
Vicky Pattnaik: So, basically, I'm currently, I have 13 years of experience in working in data management, data governance area, and I also use Java there, right? So, in my current company, there is so much work happening on developing agent AI and all for agile.
Monal Kumar: Everyone is doing that, yeah.
Vicky Pattnaik: Yeah, right? So, what I was wondering is.
Vicky Pattnaik: I'm facing a little bit of difficulty in identifying whether data science scientist is a different path than Gen AI, which is a different path, and which one I should opt for.
Monal Kumar: got this good course. Here, we have everything. Data scientist, MR Engineering, agent, engineer.
Vicky Pattnaik: Correct. So, it is okay to move to any of this path, right? Because I'm currently working in the data area, so I can move into the AI path also.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: It's pretty easy, and you are in the correct path, because here you will understand what each of these roles means.
Vicky Pattnaik: Oh, yeah. And one last question, maybe. So, here we already discussed Gen AI agent AI projects will develop, those won't be full-fledged projects, right?
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: Whole frail project, but not all. We will increment that. For machine learning, we will not have all the CI-CD.
Monal Kumar: Then, for deep learning, we will introduce something. Then, for generative and RAG, we will introduce CI-CD. So, all levels, because CI-CD is something that can be constant in all the levels, but if I introduce CI-CD at the very start, where we have not even understood what is CI-CD and other things.
Monal Kumar: that does not create a good experience. So we will learn things on the go.
Vicky Pattnaik: Sure, sure, sure. One last one, quickly. So for latest trend in AI, what's going on, what new language, what new models are coming, what will be the best, source to.
Monal Kumar: The best source is YouTube, because if you follow creators, whenever a new model comes, a new video will be uploaded by them as well. Krisha, you can also follow Sunny Savita, okay, for Generative AI, and just follow people, you will see a lot of those posts, alright?
Vicky Pattnaik: Awesome, sure. Thank you so much, Monu.
Monal Kumar: Sure, Vicki. Yeah, thanks.
Monal Kumar: Right? And then we have Anshul, and then we have Siddhar, Past Anshul, then Siddhar.
Anshul: Yeah, can you hear me?
Monal Kumar: Yes, I'm sure, I can hear you.
Anshul: Great, great, thank you. Thank you, thank you, Manil. Thank you, Krish.
Anshul: And I think… Oh…
Anshul: You've connected for so long now, right? And there's a lot of… there's a lot to learn from…
Anshul: How you were patiently listening and answering.
Monal Kumar: question.
Anshul: Right?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Anshul: Great, thank you. I think, I think, I think a lot of us in this session are experienced guys, okay?
Anshul: And a lot of questions are already…
Monal Kumar: I can also see that, yeah, this is the first… I'm also getting introduced to everyone here, right? So this is also an introduction, yep.
Anshul: Right, right. And a lot of questions are already answered, so probably, let's see if I can make a little bit of difference here by asking my question. I have 15 years of experience, and I come from an ERP background, okay? You must have heard about SAP, Oracle, and all this stuff, okay?
Anshul: So we are the guys who are actually… so I'm not a… I'm not a technical guy, I'm kind of a techno-functional guy, you know.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Anshul: Always sitting with client customers, configuring their systems based on their requirements. So we are actually the data collectors of any organization, be it purchase data, sales data, finance, accounting, production planning, ventricling, everything, you know?
Monal Kumar: So we are kind of a data pipeline, which is part of data engineering, right?
Anshul: Now, my… I'll just come to the question precisely and don't waste further time. I understand the approaches and everything, you know. So, I am a big believer of following the traditional approach, which we have been discussing, which is probably
Anshul: you know, bottoms-up approach. You start from data science, and then you go still the, gen AI, agent care, and all that stuff, and then I understand the…
Anshul: top-down approach, which is Gen AI, then agentic AI, then all that stuff, right? Now, my specific question to you, Monil, is… and I want to pursue, actually, both these things in parallel, because, I have a lot of data with me.
Anshul: Which I can work on, on my ongoing projects, okay?
Anshul: And there's a lot of, there's a lot of, you know, as you said, I mean, everybody's doing agent KI, and it's true, because since 6 months before, I never thought that I'm going to sit and learn
Anshul: ML, okay, never, because I'm into a different field altogether.
Monal Kumar: Yes, Brendan? Yes, yes, yes.
Anshul: But then I'm completely into this from last few months. My specific question is,
Anshul: Is there a perfect handshake between ML and Gen AI, agentic AI, or does it differ from, let's say, case-to-case basis? If I hop onto, let's say, alerting Gen AI, agentic AI, along with this traditional approach.
Anshul: will I face any problem issues to start with? Is there a perfect way to start with a parallel approach that you can say, okay, I'm sure you can start from this point? Yeah, yeah, I'm just looking for that.
Monal Kumar: Hmm, okay.
Monal Kumar: So, what I will suggest to you… there is a parallel pay, but for you, it should not be parallel. It should be sequential at start, then parallel. I will tell you why.
Monal Kumar: that because you are from techno-functional, that means that you do know technologies, but from the…
Monal Kumar: UI point of view, that functionalities are provided, parameters point of view, setting up systems, and other things, right?
Anshul: True, true, true.
Monal Kumar: Yes. So, you don't know what, you do know on a high level that problem and solution, but that solution, how to build, is something that you need to learn. And how you will learn that? By having a very good understanding of the programming language. And the programming language which we are going to use here is that Python.
Monal Kumar: All right? Okay. So, until and unless you don't understand Python, it will be very hard to even start a parallel thing.
Monal Kumar: Are they clear?
Monal Kumar: Second thing is, you should focus on a… once you understand Python.
Monal Kumar: try to interact with any cloud database that is free tire with your Python, alright? That is your second step.
Monal Kumar: Alright? I'm giving you this course, and I'm giving you this parallel path, which you should follow. This is… I'm talking about a parallel path, because this course is already in sequential, right? So Python, which we are already a part of the course, database, try to interact with the database, at least just for a few things, and do some basic operations on that. Once you cover that, learn API.
Monal Kumar: Alright, once you understand FastAPI, then the next thing which you should do is directly, because now you know API, try to use those API to communicate with Google Gemini, to communicate with ChatGPT. Is this part clear?
Monal Kumar: Python, database, API, and then communicate with LLMs via API.
Monal Kumar: Okay. Alright, this is the parallel path. This is the parallel path.
Anshul: Once you know that, then what I want you to do is.
Monal Kumar: I want you to go to the prompt engineering, because you know Python, I will tell you how to… later, I will tell you how to bridge that Python with the prompt engineering, okay? So, learn a little bit of prompt engineering, which might take you 1, 2 days, or three days, that's all, not more than that.
Monal Kumar: Once you know the prompt engineering, create workflows with the Python itself. Is this part clear? Are you writing it, or you can watch the recording later, okay?
Anshul: Yeah, I'm scribbling it, yeah. Okay, so.
Monal Kumar: create workflows using Python using LLMs, all manually. Once that part is clear, learn LangChain.
Monal Kumar: And then you can start the… from the… from… you are going to start lending, you are already in the generative AI part of it. Then you can start the parallel and create the projects.
Monal Kumar: Langchain, Agent TK. That is a parallel path I am suggesting. I'm not suggesting you to go into the NLP, because this part you cannot… you can skip even without knowing NLP.
Anshul: Okay, great, great, understood, understood. So, I think for some time, I learned about Python and the APIs and databases, you know, a little bit of that, and then probably…
Anshul: Yes. I can hop onto, Langchin and all, agent decay frameworks, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, true.
Anshul: Great, great, thank you very much, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Central, yeah.
Siddharth: I'm on a loop.
Monal Kumar: Hello? Oh, okay, sorry, something happened.
Monal Kumar: Can you please raise your hand again?
Monal Kumar: What was it, I preferred?
Monal Kumar: Guys, who was just speaking, can you please write in the chat?
Monal Kumar: Who was just not speaking?
Monal Kumar: My mistake, I closed, siddharth, yes.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, hey Siddharth, sorry about that.
Siddharth: No worries, Monal. Am I audible?
Monal Kumar: That's your article.
Siddharth: Yeah, first of all, thank you for being so patient, and good afternoon to you and the entire team.
Siddharth: I have a, series of questions, two, three, probably.
Siddharth: And I'm not sure if they are very well structured, but I'll still go on. So, a bit of background. I have around 3.5 years of experience, primary in data analytics, catering around visualization, that is, Power BI and SQL.
Siddharth: So, academically, I do come from a quant background, wherein I did study math, stats, econometrics, but at this point of time, I do not remember it from a standpoint of academic rigor. So my question is, how much academic depth is required to excel in data science and long run?
Siddharth: Do you suggest to go back to academic route and go through these subjects in pen and paper style?
Monal Kumar: I will teach you everything. I will teach you everything from this digital pen and paper style. Okay?
Siddharth: Oh, no.
Monal Kumar: Until it is required, okay?
Siddharth: Sure, sure. And my second question is, so I did not come from a computer science background when I started in this technology consulting. So, in my work, initially, I struggled a lot with computer science, part of things, like what is an environment, IDs, and in context… Yeah.
Siddharth: So, for example, in context of PySpark, what does Py4j really do? Does it convert Python code to Java code? Which is incorrect now, I understand that. But all these nuances, would these bridging gap between computer science guys and,
Monal Kumar: No, it is not a computer science guy. That is a bridge of, okay. For computer science guy, I will teach you what they… I will tell you what they teach you in computer science. Computer science, they teach us electronics, they teach us,
Monal Kumar: operating systems. They teach us…
Monal Kumar: everything that is concept-wise, not in theory. So, don't… don't… this, I already mentioned in my previous batch, that don't try to think that computer science guys has a lot, that there is a lot of space between you and computer science guy. There is not.
Monal Kumar: They just know a few terms, which they are familiar with. Right now, you're not even familiar with those. Once you're familiar with those, once you understand a little bit of those, I have seen in 4 years of bachelor's also, at the end of the bachelor's, people don't know how to think… how to create logic from the for loop.
Monal Kumar: So it's not a computer science guy. It is… it totally depends on the person. Maybe you're trying to compete, or you're seeing a person who knows too well.
Monal Kumar: That is not the case. Computer science guys are not too far from non-computer science guys, okay?
Siddharth: Probably the people around me might be exceptionally right in that case.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, okay.
Monal Kumar: don't compare with on that direction, and trust me, if you check the previous batch recording also, I started from what is a CPU, what is a RAM.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Siddharth: Bye.
Monal Kumar: I'm also doing…
Siddharth: That idiot.
Monal Kumar: Yes, because there are… I do know that people are from non-tech. How am I expecting that they should know all of this GP, CPU, and other things? I will teach everything, okay?
Siddharth: Alright, alright. One more question. So, this is, for someone else, who might be joining this course, from Wednesday, probably. So, they are from sales background with over 1 year in experience.
Siddharth: Does it make sense for them to, learn to start this course, and how would their roadmap be? Because they are totally distanced from this, stream.
Monal Kumar: Only if they are passionate, only if they want that
Monal Kumar: I, because passion can… I'm not saying that passion should be AI. Passion should be, I want to switch my job. Passion should be, I should do something. If they have that, it means there is no other way
Monal Kumar: Other than learning.
Monal Kumar: All they have to do is learn. If they just want to learn AI for the sake of exploring, then they might not end up at the stage, because they don't even know the stage they want to be.
Siddharth: Are you getting my point? I understood, so I had this interaction. They are pretty much serious about it, but the only question is…
Siddharth: starting from a sales role, jumping onto data science role, how would that be justifiable? How would the roadmap look like?
Monal Kumar: No, see, when you are transferring from one domain to another, you convert some of the experience of sales into some of your projects, but what you want at the end is
Monal Kumar: Because for a salesperson, what they can do, they have created this with a team of technical people, they have created a sales funnel, or they have created some kind of a chatbot, which is giving them a higher conversion, right?
Siddharth: Totally right.
Monal Kumar: That salesperson has what? That salesperson has a domain… has a domain understanding of the sales. They know the technical term of what actually, business use, right? There are a lot.
Monal Kumar: terms which overlap between sales and the business people. Business means management also, right? So if you have that understanding, they can speak the language which management speaks, and then have the skills of the AI. But until they get that job.
Monal Kumar: What they have to do is try to find… try to create a project that also has that sales component.
Monal Kumar: So, at least in the interview, they can tell that, okay, I've created this, but I've also added my domain knowledge of the sales into this project to make it better.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
Siddharth: Understood.
Monal Kumar: Is it easily possible? Yes, possible or not?
Siddharth: No, it looks like that. Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, it is possible.
Siddharth: Understood.
Monal Kumar: Even doctors can convert, their domain knowledge to the AI. Why?
Siddharth: Yeah, like.
Monal Kumar: whiteboards, right? Why not do some kind of a screening before coming to the doctor's room, before coming to the doctor's room?
Monal Kumar: screened via chat GPT, screened via something. So there is always a way to convert now, because AI is not just technical. AI is not a way to communicate with the customers effectively, to just communicate,
Monal Kumar: What should I say?
Monal Kumar: Sorry about that, I think that microphone might have sounded.
Monal Kumar: On behalf of humans, if something… if AI can do a little bit of job on behalf of humans, it means you're a product.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
Siddharth: Understood.
Monal Kumar: Yep.
Siddharth: Yeah, that answers my question.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, she answered that.
Siddharth: Also, I'm sorry for stretching it, one last one. Is there, like, how much is the overlap with the data engineering side? For example.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Siddharth: PySpark, is there any overlap, Databricks and Unity Catalog data governance part as well?
Monal Kumar: In some jobs it is, I will tell you.
Monal Kumar: When the job of data engineer ends, Data scientist job starts.
Siddharth: No, I was actually asking in context of our course, are we going to touch on these topics also?
Monal Kumar: Nope, nope, nope.
Monal Kumar: We are not, but very few companies expect machine learning and data scientists to know PySparks and Databricks. It means those companies require machine learning engineers to also pull the data, manage the data, and train the model as well, AI models. But it happens very weirdly.
Monal Kumar: Okay? So data engineering part we are not going to cover and not going to touch here.
Siddharth: Inspect that the data engineer gave the data, and then we will start the course. This is what we will do.
Monal Kumar: All right.
Siddharth: Got it, got it. Thank you, thanks for answering.
Monal Kumar: Here's that?
Monal Kumar: Right, and Vevin, you are next.
Vevin: Hey, hi, Marilla.
Monal Kumar: next. Hello. Hey.
Vevin: Hey, can you hear me?
Monal Kumar: Yes, I can hear you.
Vevin: Hey, thank you so much, Munil, for giving me the opportunity. I've been waiting for quite some time, so I just firstly want to thank you for this session.
Monal Kumar: Thank you very much.
Vevin: So I just want to give you my background. I've been working in, you know, software testing, like, software developer and test. I've been in this field for, like, 15 years as of now. So, you know, I have experience with Selenium, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, you know, some DevOps tools, Kubernetes, Docker, so I have, you know, kind of a little bit of experience around that. I've built, like, you know, automation frameworks.
Vevin: using, you know, the Java API automation, rest assured, performance testing. So I have kind of, you know, like, experience with all these things, and I'm kind of right now in a lead role, managing team of, like, six resources.
Monal Kumar: about to tell that you're good for LV drone, but you're already…
Vevin: Right, right. But, you know, like, my passion is not, you know, like, leading people. I'm mostly, like, you know, kind of an individual contributor.
Vevin: So… so, you know, like, I think probably the same thing as you, like, you know, like you said, intro… introverted guy, right?
Monal Kumar: So.
Vevin: same challenges. But, you know, like, right now, I see, like, you know, in my, company, I'm trying to… I mean, this is, like, a data science team, and I'm planning to, like, switch to that team. And, even, like, you know, in my team, like, you know, in the QA, you know, like, they want that, you know, that we implement something using AI to improve our productivity, you know, with QA processes.
Vevin: So, you know, like, in the next 6 months, you know, they have this thing that, you know, that we have to build something, you know, to use, leverage AI to improve the processes. So, I just wanted to know, I mean, I have… I kind of, you know, experiment a little bit with MCP also, like, Model Context Protocol.
Vevin: have, like, some very basic experience with Python, though, you know, Java is my main programming language.
Vevin: I just wanted to know, like, I mean, like, you know, one of the use cases, what I was thinking of, like, you know, building was, like, you know, converting the story requirements into, like, you know, test cases. You know, like, I could… I mean, we use Azure DevOps, so you don't want to…
Monal Kumar: Really cool, yes.
Vevin: Right. But, you know, like, the thing with me is, like, you know, I do not know, like, I mean.
Vevin: I mean, because, you know, when I kind of, you know, Google around stuff, and even, you know, if I use these chat GPT and all this to, you know, like.
Vevin: give me some idea, like, how to build it. I mean, there's so much of information that, you know, a lot of things are kind of coming up in the market, and, you know, these
Vevin: new terms like Langchain, Langraph, RAG, you know, like this MCP, HNTKI, I mean, I don't know… I mean, there's no structure, like, I don't know, like, where to start, because, you know, this is my use case, which I want to build.
Vevin: But I do not know, like, where to start. I mean, I saw this course, but, you know, like, I mean, I understand, you know, the fundamentals are really critical, you know, to have a good understanding of, like, you know, agentic AI, generative AI, but I have, like, some, you know, the next 6 months where I have to build something,
Vevin: I mean, like, I know, like, you know, this course is going to take, like, one year to, you know, like, go through everything.
Monal Kumar: Something before this, yeah.
Vevin: Yeah, so I… I mean, can you just give me some… yeah, like, how do I go there? I mean…
Monal Kumar: Hmm.
Vevin: Thank you.
Monal Kumar: See, first of all, I was also about to tell the same thing at the start, that your tech skills that you have, it sounds like a lead, because you have a lot of skills and you've worked in a lot of things.
Monal Kumar: But also, it does not feel like a streamlined skills that is used to create something that requires the skills of the same set.
Monal Kumar: Right? You have skill set from all different kinds of sets, but not Right?
Vevin: I would say, like, you know, like, for the, you know, like, building QA automation frameworks, like UI automation framework, API automation framework.
Vevin: that's my core skill, I'm kind of managing the team with, you know, like… because I have kind of built everything from scratch by myself. So, you know, that's my core skill. Besides that, I have knowledge of, you know, like, Docker I've used, Kubernetes I've used, Grafana I've used, you know, for performance monitoring, I'm kind of using Grafana. So, you know, I've kind of…
Vevin: build that whole stack myself, like, in using Telegraph to, you know, monitor these, you know, like, servers, and, you know, pushing all this data into InfluxDB, and then using Grafana to read all this data from… Yeah, yeah, that is a requirement, yes.
Vevin: I've done all that by hand from scratch. But, you know, like, right… so, you know, like, but right now… but, you know, my core is, like, you know, software developer and test. That's, like, my core, which I'm kind of, you know, actively doing. But, you know, like, I want to switch to data science.
Vevin: But, you know, right now, my first step, I see, like, you know, since the team has a request that, you know, I mean, the managers and the management has a request, like, how do you plan to leverage AI to build, you know, something which can improve our productivity? So, you know, like, the first use case, what came to my mind was, like, you know, converting these story requirements into test cases.
Vevin: But, you know, like, I just wanted to know, like, you know, how can this course help me? I know it's going to take some time till we reach that stage, but I have, like, 6 months.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, whatever you have, you need to target more in terms of MCP, RAGs, and those chatbots, because if I talk about organization, organization right now.
Monal Kumar: For any use case they are trying to sell, or they're trying to build something that, management can see, right?
Vevin: biggest.
Monal Kumar: And, what you should be targeting is…
Monal Kumar: as I mentioned, this is the same path I would also suggest to you, that
Monal Kumar: Python, you already know the SQL, you already know the APIs, right? Yeah. So, now that you have covered this place, try to communicate with LLMs using just Python.
Monal Kumar: Alright? I think just by that.
Monal Kumar: Using just Python, using LLMs and prompt engineering, create a workflow, so that you will know what LLMs are doing, and how we can create workflow of our own, without using Langchain.
Vevin: Okay.
Monal Kumar: So using Python and LLMs, create a workflow just from the prompt engineering, create a structure output.
Monal Kumar: that output should be passed into the another system, another system, another system, until unless you have satisfied all the things. Is this part clear?
Monal Kumar: Okay? Now, from this workflow, because, what you can do, let's suppose your, email is vein at red gmail.com, alright? You can connect your LLM call, output of the LLM,
Monal Kumar: will be passing to the database. Database will be retrieving something. Whatever the output of the database is, let's suppose webin at the gmail.com is not present in the authorized table.
Monal Kumar: Then what LLM, you can process that information with the LLM and check whether to validate or not. If validate, pass to the next model, otherwise not validate, so all you're doing, what? Without using the Langgraph LangChain framework, you're creating a workflow just from your Python skills.
Monal Kumar: Once you understand that, what you will do, you will understand that I require more context. I require context all around, then you will add MCP. So, I will want you to work raw coding, and whatever problem statement that you have, try to solve with RAG, then it would use language, then it would use RAG and MCPs.
Monal Kumar: Are you getting my point?
Vevin: So I would honestly say, like, you know, I tried this with MCP because, you know, like, because, you know, we use Azure DevOps, right? Yes. So there was, like, you know, I was exploring on GitHub, like, you know, if there is any MCP for, like, you know, connecting to Azure DevOps.
Vevin: And I found that, you know, there is a MCP, you know, they're built for Azure DevOps, so I used that MCP in VS Code to, you know, like, kind of, you know, give it some template, like, you know, can you create a defect with this, this, this description? And it was able to create the defect. Or, like, you know, can you create a test case and, you know, these are some of the steps. And, you know.
Vevin: just click enter, and it creates the test case in Azure DevOps. But, you know, it was more like a manual process, though it was done through MCP.
Vevin: But it was, like, a manual process that, you know, I'm kind of, you know, like, manually, like, you know, telling MCP, like, you know, this is it, create the test case, create this, create that. But I wanted to automate that process of, like, you know.
Monal Kumar: That you can do with workflow, yes.
Vevin: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: So, that's what I'm saying. Ask one LLM to first restructure the prompt, restructure whatever the problem statement that you have, along with the data into a particular format.
Monal Kumar: ask another LLM that this is a structured one, and generate some output. Another LLM, which is kind of an architect, asked that if you have this particular problem.
Monal Kumar: which of the things which we require, and create test set for that. Once we have the test set, again, do something on it. So, create multiple workflows to define it. If you create one or two, I think that will not suffice. It will not create that structure that you want.
Monal Kumar: Are you getting my point?
Monal Kumar: different level and detail to it.
Monal Kumar: what MCP is? MCP is kind of just an adapter to multiple places where you have the context, right?
Vevin: Yes.
Monal Kumar: It is not a big thing, but MCP will not… MCP will not… MCP alone will not for… LLMs do the main reasoning, MCP just provide the context of… from all the places, right? But if your LLM context prompt engineering and all the workflow is not correct, what MCP is going to do?
Vevin: But MCP has, like, I mean, the LLM built in, right?
Monal Kumar: Now, LCP does… and in MCP, we provide the LLM.
Vevin: What is the reasoning for MCP? So, MCP is more like, you know, kind of, let's say, like, you know.
Monal Kumar: MCP is a Type-C. MCP is like an adapter. Let's suppose from the laptop, okay? You have an adapter. Yes, exactly, right.
Vevin: It's like APIs are adapted to the database, right?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Vevin: Exactly.
Monal Kumar: And we provide an element to the MCP so that it has a reasoning also, that went to pick what, based on the description and the parenting model that she applied there.
Monal Kumar: We ask LLM, okay? We tell LLM that this is all the context.
Monal Kumar: Choose when to pick what, and other things.
Monal Kumar: by agenting, yeah. Okay? So, you can work, but at least…
Monal Kumar: If you try to build something from the ground up, then you will know, why do we want to require MCP? In some cases, you might not even require it.
Vevin: Okay, okay.
Monal Kumar: Are you getting my point?
Monal Kumar: the workflow which you want, and on that workflow, if that workflow requires modularity, then it will start creating your own framework kind of a thing, right? Because you're storing prompts somewhere, storing things somewhere. Then on that one, if you think that now it is becoming large, I want some other method, then try to introduce Langchain.
Monal Kumar: If Langchain is not working, try to check what are the different methods I need. Whenever you need it, only introduce them.
Monal Kumar: If you try to unnecessarily introduce things, there are thousands of these concepts in this generative AI part, right?
Monal Kumar: So, first, bring the concept, then think of a problem. It is not a good way. Problem?
Vevin: Hmm.
Monal Kumar: Is solution present in a simple manner? Yes. If not, what are the other methods? Then check which tool I need. Don't go with tool and the solution. Go with what is the solution?
Monal Kumar: Is there any tool which can help me solve this better? Then do not.
Vevin: I think, like, you know, the problem, what happens is, like, you know, you know, with this, you know, the AI space and how it is evolving, you know, like.
Vevin: It's like, you know, more like, I don't know what I don't know.
Vevin: Yeah. So, you know, that's where, you know, the problem happens, like, when you do not know what you're doing.
Monal Kumar: I understand, yeah.
Vevin: So, you know, if I have a problem, and I, okay, yeah, I… you know, you can even accomplish it using just purely Python, but then, you know, okay, you know, you can… if you use this, you know, it would have been more easier to do it. Yes. Right? So, you know.
Monal Kumar: That's the exact point, that is the point which you need to figure it out. Duels are simple, and if you think that, some other libraries are there, just search on Google, because you know Google AI Mode?
Vevin: Right.
Monal Kumar: when we search on Google, there is AI mode there, which search on web crawls, right?
Monal Kumar: That is… I personally use it often, because it checks from all this Reddit push can check everywhere, right? Same issue everyone is facing right now. It's not just you, right? Because these are thousands of tools.
Monal Kumar: So, first, try to check it, try to check from those mode, try to check other people, right? And maybe try to be active on the community, because community people, a lot of the people might give you a solution.
Monal Kumar: Right. Which is very simple, other people are using Langra for that.
Monal Kumar: It might exist as well, yes?
Vevin: Right.
Monal Kumar: Yeah.
Vevin: So, I just wanted to know one more thing, you know, regarding the traditional route and, you know, the modern route.
Vevin: Do you think that I should look at the modern route so I can speed up things, or you think that…
Monal Kumar: to speed up, you require that, but I think,
Monal Kumar: Yes, for your problem statement, you don't require ML right now, but I'm not sure when you will be needing it, alright? That part you can only tell me, yeah. But you already have Python and SQL, because you already need, you already covered the first 6… in the 6 months, you already covered, like, 3-4 months of it. You know SQL, you know database and all.
Vevin: Yeah, yes, yeah, I know SQL database.
Monal Kumar: Yeah.
Vevin: I'm a professional, you know, like, database developer, but I know.
Monal Kumar: You know how to do.
Vevin: Join server queries.
Vevin: Joining tables, I know all that.
Monal Kumar: I know, because you're a lead, I know you… I know that you can do things, okay? If it requires, you will solve it, yeah.
Vevin: Right.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, so do you think that I should, you know, like, look at the modern route, or… Yes, as I told, right, the method which I suggested is to directly go with the workflow using Python and communicate with LLM. I directly told you to directly go there.
Monal Kumar: Okay? But in the meantime, if you think that machine learning is something which will help you, then after a few months, or whenever you have time, when you get a mail for machine learning in the community, just check when the machine learning starts starting. I will suggest you to also look at that, because that will open your perspective that, okay, this is how
Monal Kumar: This is why things are…
Monal Kumar: the evaluation and other things. Once you understand it, it will, again, answer a lot of things, like, I'm not sure when to use what, kind of thing.
Vevin: Right. And, you know, like, I… I'm more, you know, looking at, you know, I don't want to, like, you know, look at recordings. I would… I prefer, like, you know, when the session is going on and attend it live, because, you know, you have opportunity to ask any doubts.
Monal Kumar: So it's cool.
Vevin: So, you know, so that's why I'm not into, you know, like, okay, you know, scores will get recorded, and then I'll watch it.
Monal Kumar: But there is community, right? If you will check what is the current module going on, topic going on, it will be able to help you.
Vevin: Yeah, I mean, of course, you know, we can do that, but it becomes, you know, more asynchronous, so, you know, it's like, okay, you'll ask, then…
Monal Kumar: Yeah, yeah.
Vevin: You know, you have to wait for some time. So, you know, like, it's this kind of a delay, right? So, like, right now, when we're talking, I'm just asking you, and, you know, I'm like, once I'm done, it's done.
Vevin: So, you know, like, with the AI, you know, like, that Gen AI and the, you know, the modern route, is that course going on in parallel right now, or it's already kind of in the middle of…
Monal Kumar: The 10-year course will be next month.
Monal Kumar: It will start next month.
Vevin: Okay, it'll start next month.
Monal Kumar: That is more on the Gen AI, generative AI part of it, learning LLMs, training LLMs, that is more on that direction. But if you specifically want to drag an agent.
Monal Kumar: We already have one course that is already running. I think it is the Batch 3 of it. If you want, you can get… you can just connect with the sales team how much duration is left, how much of the classes have already been completed. Just check it, as go to the generative AI part as well.
Vevin: Because, you know, I don't know, like, you know, if I join that course in the middle, then, you know, like, will I be able to catch up into, like, you know, what has already been covered?
Vevin: And then if I join the middle, then I may not be able to understand, like…
Monal Kumar: 3 to 4 months. It is not a very big course, but first check that… first ask that… check the city bus. If you think that if you like it, it's something that you're okay with the recordings as well, or maybe some classes are left, just… just try it out. Just check what is out there, okay?
Vevin: But…
Monal Kumar: Top of the same.
Vevin: The problem statement, like, you know, for the problem statement I described to you, you think, like, you know, is it better to go through that age, you know, like, the RAG thing, or, like, the modern route.
Monal Kumar: What you require is, you require generative part, you require heirloom reasoning capabilities, right?
Vevin: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Because you want test set to be written. Machine learning cannot write test set. Llms who have an understanding of the world can write test set, right?
Vevin: Right, right.
Monal Kumar: So, you require LLM, and LLM is a part of the JTVI. And what you want is, you want that test set to be evaluated by another LLM, or maybe you want some structure into it, right? Because at the end, you want those test set to be present somewhere else, not in the chat.
Vevin: Exactly, exactly.
Monal Kumar: And when you want the test set to be present somewhere else, then what you want, you want a structure output of the code from the LLM, save into a PY file or a Java file or something. For those, you require multi-scale LLMs in a different place. So maybe you want to create some kind of an API where
Monal Kumar: once RLM creates, that file, you are going to, maybe create and update files or something, download or update, or maybe send it to a binary via API, whatever is required.
Vevin: Yeah, right, right. I mean, I have to send it to Azure DevOps, so, you know, like… Yes.
Monal Kumar: Whatever is required, you need to find a way, so…
Monal Kumar: I'm not saying that langchain or Langgraph is the way, but the way is, prompt engineering, getting structured output from the LEDAM, and creating a workflow. Workflow you create with langchain, workflow you create with novel Python, whatever is required.
Monal Kumar: So, you need to go in that direction. Not really agentic. Agentic is something that you're asking LLN to decide. Here, you don't want LLN to decide your steps.
Monal Kumar: You have the steps already predefined, you want those steps to be done by LLM. So.
Vevin: Great.
Monal Kumar: you don't require agentic, you require, maybe some test cases, you can also write it in the database or something. Whatever is required, then you require RAG, but for now, in this use case, you don't require RAG as well. You require a workflow.
Vevin: So I have, like, you know, one more use case, you know, what I want to do is, like, you know, let's say, like, you know, normally what people are doing, even manually right now, you know, they just take the story requirement, they put it in the LLM, and, you know, tell the LLM, you know, chat GPT, can you write, like, you know, test cases for it? And, you know, you know, it will just go…
Vevin: you know, like, you… once you put the prompt to chat GPT, it'll just, you know, based on whatever requirement you give it from that story, it'll write some test cases.
Vevin: But, you know, I had this idea in my mind that what I wanted to do is, like, you know, how is it that, you know, possible for, you know, like, let's say a tool like ChatGPT to understand the full context of the application? You know, let's say, like, you know, you have, like, 100 stories, right? I mean, all these stories are in the backlog.
Vevin: I move on.
Monal Kumar: I can't he?
Vevin: AI to understand the whole context, because, you know, if it has understanding of the full context, you know, it can write better test cases, because otherwise, you know, you just give a story, it writes the test cases. But let's say, you know, there is some more knowledge of the application, what AI would need, so that it can write much better test cases for that particular story.
Vevin: So it's not, you know…
Monal Kumar: That's a complex thing. For that, you need to build a whole ecosystem for your application to be connected with the RAG, and your application to be connected with the main application which company is using.
Vevin: Right.
Monal Kumar: Huh?
Vevin: So, I mean, that's, like, you know, my vision, which I was… you know, because, you know, like, putting a, you know, just a requirement and test cases is a very straightforward thing which anybody can do, right? You pick the requirement, you put it to, you know, the prompt, and you, like you said, you know, structure or the prompt, and, you know, tell it in what format you want test cases, and boom, it'll give you right there.
Vevin: But, you know, if you want to build something big where, you know, the AI
Vevin: understanding of the context of the application, it can be a much better
Vevin: You know, like, it can give you much better, you know, test cases of how you validate the application.
Monal Kumar: You can, you can plan this, this is, this is doable, yeah.
Vevin: Okay, yup. Yep, thank you, thank you.
Monal Kumar: That's great, Evan.
Monal Kumar: Nice talking to you.
Vevin: Yeah, same here.
Monal Kumar: Alright, guys, whoever doubt is already created, again, I'm repeating because some of the doubts might be the same. So, unraise your hand if you're the one.
Monal Kumar: And,
Monal Kumar: I can see… okay, Amuda, you are next. And guys, just give me a second, give me a second.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: Amuda, you're next.
Amudha: Yeah. Hi. Yes, hi.
Monal Kumar: It was Ravdeep. Yes. Hey, Ravdeep, sorry about that, Anoda.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: Yes, hi, Munil. Thank you for such an insightful session, and it's been a long session, though.
Monal Kumar: Yes. Thank you.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: And so, just to give you a perspective, I'm transitioning into the AI field, and I just started PhD in agentic AI in Australia.
Monal Kumar: Nice.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: Yeah, so, yeah, thank you. So, so, you know, in this one, I'll be building an agent and deploying it in industry, because it's an industry partnership project. It's a three years project.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: Right?
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: So, now, in this one, I'll be building and deploying an agent. So, I'm directly working on agentic AI problem, right? So, my question is, what do you suggest? Should I go the traditional route or modern route?
Monal Kumar: This traditional route is for someone who wants to learn this whole data science ecosystem, and wants to be ready.
Monal Kumar: And if you think that you're already ready on that, then this is a different path, Ravi, I can say.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: I'd say, you know, I'm not, I don't have in-depth knowledge of data science, complete data science.
Monal Kumar: that what exactly you want. This is a learning path, and if you want a path where you exactly want to focus on agentic, then we already… we have a different path for that.
Monal Kumar: So.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: maybe you need to define that, do you want to learn as well as learn the latest thing, or skip the learn and learn the new thing? So, that is something which you need to literally decide on that.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: Because I was thinking, if I go the modern route, so probably I'd be able to, you know, learn, generative AI and agentic AI in depth, and then, you know, I can start working on the problem that I have at hand. And as I go along, then I can probably deep dive into data science in general as well.
Monal Kumar: You can do that. You can do that in parallel, you want to go there first as well. So, do you… are you well versed in, connecting with databases, understanding, logic, ML, data, and everything? Have you ever… ever done all of that?
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: seat.
Monal Kumar: That's awesome.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: Yeah, I, you know, in terms of, machine learning, I, I have a very basic understanding, not, in-depth understanding of that, and, you know, I, I'm, I have, basics of Python.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: And I'm basically working on that level, and I've been working on generative AI and agentic AI as well.
Monal Kumar: Product, for now, I think Agentic will suit you, but,
Monal Kumar: check the syllabus of the agentic, because I'm not sure that… are you looking for the exact topic to learn? And I'm also sure… I'm also not sure that you are sure that you are… what exactly you're looking for. You're looking for a particular topic to learn? You're looking for agentic? Because you're already working in Agentic.
Monal Kumar: Are you not able to do… so, what exactly is the.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: No, I, you know, I just started my PhD, two to three months ago, and right now I'm in the process of understanding the pain points and the problem itself.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: And, so… so what I'm, so what I'm thinking is, is it, a good way to first, get into, like, take the modern route, and first do generative AI and agentic AI, and then I can start working on my PhD problem as well, along with that, because, I'll have to…
Monal Kumar: to go for you, because you don't require machine learning right now, machine learning, deep learning, alright?
Monal Kumar: But, if in any scenario, you require to work with model, evaluation, learn all of those things.
Monal Kumar: in future, or in the… within this project, I'm not sure what is the scope of your agent, whether your agent is going to call the machine learning, your agent is going to do the forecasting, because generative models have no forecasting, right?
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: Yeah, yes, and no, it's not going to be, forecasting, or it's not going to be model evaluation, or anything like that. Any probabilistic modeling, you're not going to work on that, right? Yeah, yeah.
Monal Kumar: So, if that is not the case, then… Learning this way is…
Monal Kumar: Something which you are not, which you don't have to do right now.
Monal Kumar: Okay. So that is something which you need to decide, whether to keep this in parallel, or do something else.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: Okay, so, do you think, I should… for now, I should switch to, the modern route, the Agentic AI and Generative AI course that's starting soon?
Monal Kumar: See, that is something which I will say that, first think that whether you want… if you don't want this, then go there.
Monal Kumar: If you have a right answer for this one, that no, I don't want this path, I want that path, then only go there. But if you think that, I also want to learn this path, but I also want to go into agent, then the parallel path is for you. Do both of them parallel.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: Okay, so what I'm now thinking is that, you know, if I do the generative AI and agent take AI first, then as I go along, I would like to also get into depth of machine learning and everything, deep learning.
Monal Kumar: And that would help me in the long term, but to start with, I think immediately I would need generative AI and agentic AI.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: At this point, what do you think?
Monal Kumar: That is a good path for you, but you need to talk to the team, whether… everyone, you need to talk with the team on how much of that is possible.
Monal Kumar: Because we don't have that badge yet, alright? It is going to be out. So maybe check with the team what they are saying, alright?
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: I think I did check with Ahsan, and he said that it'll be out, I think it'll be, on the website within a week.
Monal Kumar: And then, I don't know, I think… did you mention a little while ago that it's starting next month?
Monal Kumar: See, we have said next one, but we don't have the date, right?
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: But it'll be starting soon, right?
Monal Kumar: It will be starting soon, that we can see. It will be starting soon. Okay. Yes, yes.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: Okay. Okay, so I think I'll, then better start with that, and then once I'm, you know.
Monal Kumar: Also, that is more on the generative LLMs, training the LLM part, okay? So if you, check the syllabus also once it is out, or go with the RAG or Agent class that is also present in our course.
Monal Kumar: All right? Yes, yes, sure. We do have a different service for that. Yeah, sure, okay.
RAVDEEP SINGH SANDHU SANDHU: I'll do that, yeah. Thank you so much. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Thank you very much.
Monal Kumar: Right. Amuda, you're next.
Amudha: Yes, Monu.
Amudha: I want to check, whether I have chosen the course route. I'm a full-stack developer with 8-plus years experience in C++, C Sharp, and SQL. And, I want to, go in a technical path.
Amudha: So, is it the right course that I have authored?
Monal Kumar: Yes, if you want to get started and want to build the correct foundation, this is the right course for me.
Amudha: Yeah, hopefully.
Monal Kumar: But, yeah, if you want to get started and understand all the things from there. All right?
Amudha: Okay, and next, is, I'm planning to buy a personal laptop for personal use, and I would like to use that for, this course also. And I checked with counseling team, they said, I can go with the i5.
Monal Kumar: i5 8GB RAM is the minimum requirement, go with i5 as the minimum, or go with the AMD one, right? Any AMD Ryzen processors is also fine, but, comparable to iPad, go with the.
Amudha: Okay, and regarding GPU, is, GPU mandatory, or…
Monal Kumar: GPU is not mandatory for GPU, we have Google Collab as the free provider. If you want to use GPU in your system, want to train your own model in the system, then you require GPU, otherwise you don't require GPU.
Amudha: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, we usually train models on cloud, so I would not suggest to go for GPU until and unless you want to do your own research or train your own models whenever you want.
Monal Kumar: then you require GPU, otherwise don't require it.
Amudha: Okay, and what is the, hard disk space that will be required?
Monal Kumar: If you… see, our software that we have is not going to take more than 5-6 GB.
Monal Kumar: And OS will take probably around 30, 40 GB of space, alright? So, you're okay with 500GB also, but if you are someone who wants to watch movies, want to keep a lot of documentation, or a lot of files, big zip files, images, personal photos.
Monal Kumar: then I would suggest you to go for 1TB. Otherwise, if strictly only for work, 500 TVs all… 500 GB is also fine.
Amudha: Okay, thank you, Monu.
Monal Kumar: Right? Then we have,
Monal Kumar: We have… Musab. Musab, you're next.
Musab: Hello?
Monal Kumar: Hey, what's up? Yes.
Musab: Hello, good afternoon, sir.
Monal Kumar: Good afternoon, good afternoon.
Musab: Sir, I have a related query about… I am… I have working on JRF, Junior research position, NIA University. I have recently completed my master, which is electrical engineering field.
Musab: But, I am working on embedded systems, and so I am related to work… now related to working on an industrial project with Ambited Systems, where I manufacture,
Musab: prototype with battery health management, where I am use the database and Grafana for visualization. But now, I think I am moved forward on the problem statement, because my professor said, you will learn to the federatic learning, where we implement.
Monal Kumar: learning.
Musab: this?
Musab: Yes, sir. From federated Learning.
Monal Kumar: What's up?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Musab: of… I have recently knowledge about the machine learning, because I was previously
Musab: purchase a critical course, so I have real basic knowledge about machine learning and deep learning. Now, I am forward to the detailed learning part. So, the PRB…
Monal Kumar: Learning is something which we're not doing.
Monal Kumar: It is a different domain, yeah, yeah. It is a different domain.
Musab: Yes, sir, yes, so I think, my question is, okay, how I can gain knowledge about fair data learning? So, I…
Monal Kumar: learning is something that we do a lot of experimentation, and it is mostly present in the research. I do know someone from my previous batch that was working in computer vision federated learning, federated learning in terms of
Monal Kumar: Yeah, he was working in government data, okay? That's why he required federated learning. But apart from that, that is mostly a research kind of field. From the research paper, try to convert that into the coding part of it. That's what we can do.
Monal Kumar: What's up?
Monal Kumar: Oh, there are technicians.
Musab: Okay, so, sir, I have recently know about inferated learning and machine learning, there are a difference between, because…
Monal Kumar: There's a difference in terms of learning, learning, data sharing and other things.
Musab: Yes, ma'am.
Musab: So, the question is… the second question is, so I have… where is the path, I can learn about the fat adrenaline? Because I…
Monal Kumar: 50 bucks.
Musab: Okay.
Monal Kumar: research paper, and read about it, and then try to use LLM, try to use… if you're not… if you don't want to code a lot, at least try to have some basic framework from the LLM, that this is what I want, and then keep on doing research on that. Pedative learning is something you don't have a framework for that directly.
Musab: Okay, so go, sir, yes, sir, my future plan is to doing PhD because of my embedded system.
Monal Kumar: It's really nice. So, that…
Musab: So, the thing is, this course is beneficial for my embedded system, future energy predictions. My base,
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Musab: The main field is energy monitoring and energy production.
Monal Kumar: Yes, it will be beneficial. See, what… what are all these predictions? Prediction that every basic of any prediction or understanding is what?
Monal Kumar: Learning the patterns, understanding data, what are numbers, how numbers correlated, and other things, yes?
Monal Kumar: If you understand that, that same thing can be applied to other places.
Musab: Yes, sir, yes sir, yes.
Monal Kumar: So, it'll be helpful.
Musab: So, what is the difference between a database and AI database?
Monal Kumar: this AI database.
Musab: There is only one database, Usab.
Monal Kumar: We have vector database. AI database is nothing… like, you might have… see, if you combine database with, you can say LLM, then it will become AI database. You can… you can, instead of writing query, you can write language… in natural language processing, and then you will get your answer.
Monal Kumar: There is nothing like an AI database, it is just an integration of LLM into the database. Database itself is something that… where we store data.
Monal Kumar: And we have a language to retrieve those data. Alright?
Musab: Okay, okay, thank you so much, sir. Thank you for your answer, sir.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, thank you.
Musab: Thanks.
Monal Kumar: Right? Then we have… FFCS1.
Monal Kumar: I know the name is pretty… like, robot with FFCS ones?
ffcs1: Hi, good afternoon. Good afternoon, Manu.
ffcs1: I'm sorry, I couldn't get my right name, my name…
Monal Kumar: Fifth.
ffcs1: My, my, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Mahesh, yes. Hey Mahesh.
ffcs1: first of all, thank you for your time. Very, very expensive, and thank you, thank you very much for it.
Monal Kumar: Integrator.
ffcs1: I… just to recap, you've touched system requirements. That was a question I had, so we could do with cloud. Then you had certs.
ffcs1: I'm thinking of doing, Microsoft certification, which, which some… which you did mention, as in, for some people.
ffcs1: To touch on videos for Gen AI and agentic AIs. So Microsoft… well, I was researching certification in Microsoft.
ffcs1: Microsoft has, the videos on Gen AI and Agentic AIs, which you did recommend, searching on YouTube as well. Then I went on to, I have my background in, automation and testing.
ffcs1: which one of your candidates from Canada was asking about as well. So, I'm taking this course, I'm thinking of doing simultaneously some YouTubes on AI tools for automation and testing.
Monal Kumar: Alright.
ffcs1: Then you, you, you, you touched very well on the various routes.
ffcs1: I'm fine with doing this one, go slow. I'm basically based in Australia since the last 20 years.
ffcs1: But I'll take on a break and come back here. And since I touched on your curriculum and all, which has got good 27 modules, 94
ffcs1: topics and all. I thought of staying here for a year in India, now I'm in India right now.
ffcs1: So, yeah, I'm thinking of, staying here for this very course for the whole year.
ffcs1: And the final question before, I take any of your time is that I have various domains where I've worked on… so I've worked on telco domains.
ffcs1: I worked on banking, financial services, and insurance. I then transitioned to Google Amazon APIs, affiliate marketing.
ffcs1: And these days, I'm doing, blockchain data, and using their APIs on blockchain, on-chain data, as well as… so, CeFi and DeFi, centralized finance and decentralized finance, as well as a bit of trading, and… which is TradeFi.
ffcs1: So, I was just wondering if, if, I'm putting in a request, and hopefully, other students of yours, during the year would want to touch on blockchain data, either CFI, DeFi, or even TradeFi, like.
ffcs1: the trading data and financial data for any of the projects? Yes, please.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes, if you can provide me, and I do have an understanding of those, I can create something from those, yeah?
ffcs1: Yes, that's all I'd wanted a bit on the financial aspect as well, so thank you, thank you very much for that.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure, thank you very much. And to improve your chances of everything, because you're here in India and, working on this course, to improve your chances, just watch and learn as much things as possible. As I mentioned, my goal is to become… is to,
Monal Kumar: Make everyone engineer.
Monal Kumar: And this course is not enough, not enough in terms of… there are hundreds of things that we want to learn, right? This course is the constant, thing which we'll be learning in the year, but once this course is over, in the meantime, in parallel to this course, you can learn from the YouTube, create a lot of awesome projects.
Monal Kumar: learn cloud and other things, that will be very, very helpful.
Monal Kumar: Nope.
Monal Kumar: Thank you, thank you. Looking forward to working with you guys and the team, and everyone else as well. Thank you, thank you very much.
Monal Kumar: Alright, 10… We have… Chivongi?
Monal Kumar: After Shivangi, we will have sign-up. So first, Shivangi.
Shivangi Chauhan: Hi, Mobile.
Monal Kumar: Okay, Shivani, yes.
Shivangi Chauhan: Thank you for your time.
Shivangi Chauhan: Actually, currently, I am working in the IT audit domain. Firstly, I used to work as a business analyst, like, for 10 months, and now I am working in IT audit profile in Assurance.
Shivangi Chauhan: Like… It's a complete start, new start for me. I have some questions, like.
Shivangi Chauhan: how the analysis we will be doing here is different from the data analyst point. Like, the roadmap for the job profiles which you showed from your LinkedIn profile, it has that analysis point, analysis and computation point.
Shivangi Chauhan: I have seen that, and where you have mentioned, like, Python, NumPy, plus Java and Power BI, so I just want you to, explain that. And also, like.
Shivangi Chauhan: See, I… I'm on a probation period for 6 months, so… and we have, like, in probation, notice period is of, like, 1 to 2 months, so I have a good chance if I want to, like, switch early.
Shivangi Chauhan: So, I want to know from your perspective as how should I phase my…
Monal Kumar: How much you enrolled?
Monal Kumar: I have…
Shivangi Chauhan: I have time, like, working is okay, but I can give 4 to 5, even 6 hours daily if I want.
Shivangi Chauhan: I can.
Monal Kumar: depends on what you are doing in those 6 hours. This course is already, like, 3 hours…
Shivangi Chauhan: Yeah, 3 to 4.
Monal Kumar: 3-4 hours, 3 times a week, right?
Monal Kumar: And, you cannot directly jump to a place if our base is not clear until.
Shivangi Chauhan: Just keep moving.
Monal Kumar: little bit of Python and a little bit of Python is there, then we'll be able to jump to more places, alright? Python will take around one month of time.
Monal Kumar: So, what I will suggest is that, yes, same thing I'm suggesting, that is.
Monal Kumar: In the meantime, while you're learning Python, have an understanding of at least a conceptual understanding of what is a RAG, what are LLMs, what is a different model. That does not require technical understanding. At least, if you heard those names, it will be faster for you to grasp it later.
Monal Kumar: Are you getting my point?
Shivangi Chauhan: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: So, create a list of things, use ChatGPT World 79. First, create a list, ask them to maybe fill those lists to a better list, or ask them to create a list that you want to learn on a high level. Just watch a YouTube video, simple, not a technical one, not a coding one. Write what exactly that topic is.
Monal Kumar: Are you getting my point?
Shivangi Chauhan: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Even if they are doing coding, skip the coding part, or just listen to it, and then ignore it, but have an idea that what we are doing.
Shivangi Chauhan: Once we cover more of those things, then.
Monal Kumar: I will suggest, if you are ready before that, I will ask you to create projects. You can connect with me on LinkedIn.
Monal Kumar: Because I think, when I will start the project part.
Monal Kumar: It will be too late for you to more things, right?
Monal Kumar: Connect with me on LinkedIn. Once it is done, let me know what are the topics you have already covered. Then I will give you the next part.
Shivangi Chauhan: Yeah, I'm connected on your LinkedIn.
Monal Kumar: Pardon?
Shivangi Chauhan: Yeah, yeah, but…
Monal Kumar: And on the data analysis part.
Shivangi Chauhan: What is actual data analysis, can you tell me?
Monal Kumar: And this is not an interview. This is not an interview, from your understanding.
Shivangi Chauhan: Just simply, we get a complete mess of data, and we have to find meaningful things from that data, which is delivered for us.
Monal Kumar: Same thing.
Monal Kumar: You can do data analysis with Microsoft Excel, you can do with Google Sheet, you can do with Power BI, you can do with Tableau, you can do with Python, alright? If you do with Tableau and Power BI, you can create dashboards from your analysis, alright?
Shivangi Chauhan: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: And the dashboard… the end goal of the dashboard is from management, right?
Monal Kumar: For management to see and take decision.
Monal Kumar: The… if I talk about, in terms of Python, in Python, you can do data analysis with normal Python, with libraries like Pandas, NumPy, which you mentioned.
Monal Kumar: But the end goal is to create a dashboard? No. End goal is to take decision, and then from those decisions, go to the machine learning part.
Monal Kumar: So, in Power API and Tableau, our goal is management people dashboard. Here, the goal is analysis, take decision, and then use the decision to create a better model.
Monal Kumar: Or to fix the data. Are you getting my point? The end goal here is different, so data analysis will remain same, but how we do data analysis, the coding will be here, there are a lot of things. The way we do it is different, but the ideology is the same.
Shivangi Chauhan: Okay. Yeah, just want you to brush up again on that, like, if I'm having 5 to 6 months, so first I need to…
Monal Kumar: learn the basics, right, which you will be… Yes, if you can, if you can, learn Python as fast as possible in Python also. We have… Krisha showed in the morning, right?
Shivangi Chauhan: No.
Monal Kumar: I have one video.
Monal Kumar: Python, if you're ready in Python, I think it can be done within one month, right? You can do it within one or two weeks. Complete that, then ping me on LinkedIn, okay?
Shivangi Chauhan: Okay, after, after Python?
Monal Kumar: I will tell you what to do next, okay?
Monal Kumar: Just tell me, sir, I've completed Python, you told me these things, because in LinkedIn, I might not be able to remember everyone's name. So tell me, this is what I have said, and this is what you completed.
Monal Kumar: And then…
Shivangi Chauhan: Understood.
Monal Kumar: I will turn to the next point, alright?
Shivangi Chauhan: Okay, Python, I should be completing with the old… your… that AI course? Yes, because you want.
Monal Kumar: to do it fast, yes?
Shivangi Chauhan: Yeah. I have started also from that. I have started learning from that.
Monal Kumar: You can either watch, if you want to go super fast, watch Chris's YouTube Python playlist, okay?
Monal Kumar: That is super fast. If you want to go, in very depth understanding, if you don't understand from the super fast, then go with the Batch 1 recordings of Python.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
Shivangi Chauhan: So, yeah.
Monal Kumar: And, yeah, try to complete as soon as possible, let me know.
Shivangi Chauhan: Yeah, also, what I have, like, asked… what I have, get from the old… the people I know who are in these data scientists roles for AI, they, mention, like, for big companies, they prefer DSA in first round that
Shivangi Chauhan: First round is for DSAE, when you are getting… In big companies, in Facebook, Google, Meta, in these companies, it will require.
Monal Kumar: But for now, in your current level, it will be very hard to directly go there, even with DSA. Because you require a lot of understandings also, right? You require exposure to the projects and other things. You can go there, but in 6 months, it is not possible right now.
Shivangi Chauhan: Yeah, okay, I understand it. Just last question. See, if I'll be learning Python, and after that, what you will be telling, so even an analyst position at a good company would be grateful for me?
Monal Kumar: For analyst position, they will require Power BI and SQL.
Shivangi Chauhan: Oh, yeah, okay, secret.
Shivangi Chauhan: See, like, it's… I just believe, like, getting into the big company, a chance to get there, and then shifting internally would be better.
Shivangi Chauhan: Because I've seen… I know people who are…
Monal Kumar: you can do that. See, for Power BI, I will suggest, if you… Power BI is non-negotiable for data analysts, alright?
Monal Kumar: I would suggest you, there is one very good course in Udemy, from Krishna Academy, one is from Jayant, okay? Jayanth is one of our members. He created a Power BI course where we have a lot of projects also.
Monal Kumar: in Udemy, search Power BI, okay, and there you will find something from Christian Academy.
Shivangi Chauhan: Actually, I did Power BI one or two projects, but the problem was when I started doing projects by my own, I was not able to do.
Monal Kumar: That's why you need to learn more. You need to learn what exactly we are doing and why we are doing it. If you don't know the why, we will not… we will not be able to think about the why when we are doing the actual project, yes?
Shivangi Chauhan: Yeah.
Shivangi Chauhan: Okay, thank you so much.
Monal Kumar: Thank you, Randy.
Monal Kumar: Guys, unraise your hand if you're done, alright?
Monal Kumar: Sydam, you're next.
Monal Kumar: Adam, you're next.
Monal Kumar: Yay.
Monal Kumar: Salman, you're next.
Salman Habeeb: Oh.
Salman Habeeb: Oh, hi.
Sairam Bhagath: Are you able to hear me?
Monal Kumar: Okay, Salman, sorry, let me see it.
Salman Habeeb: That's okay.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, just wait for a few minutes, okay?
Monal Kumar: Sidearm?
Sairam Bhagath: Yeah, guys, sorry for the confusion. I just had an issue with my mic, sorry. So, the thing is, like, I have got an experience of close to 16 years, and most of it is into administrative side, like, I am an Oracle DBA, I, work on Oracle, Mongo.
Sairam Bhagath: PostgreSQL and Neo4j. So, these are the databases, and also, I am a, daily well-versed with even Oracle Exadata.
Sairam Bhagath: Coming on the application side. So, appliance side. So, that is my experience. So…
Sairam Bhagath: I just wanted to ask with you, like, how can I leverage my experience with this course? My, my overall idea of joining this course was to learn everything from scratch, but, just, I wanted your know-how and also your experience to help me, like, how I can take it forward.
Monal Kumar: First of all,
Monal Kumar: I would suggest you to take anything forward into the direction which you know, once you complete a big chunk of this course, at least the half, 50% part of this course, alright?
Sairam Bhagath: Complete now.
Monal Kumar: Then once you start going… okay, I can hear my voice…
Sairam Bhagath: Okay? Okay, I can hear my voice.
Sairam Bhagath: Okay, let me, let me mute myself first.
Monal Kumar: Sure. Yeah, yeah, alright. Yeah, this is better.
Monal Kumar: Then, what I will suggest you, once we complete the generative part of this course.
Monal Kumar: In Oracle, they have a lot of new findings. In Oracle, they have a vector database from the Oracle as well, and they do a lot of awesome things. I have heard that, okay? I cannot see because it requires a subscription on that, right?
Monal Kumar: But a lot of people are using Oracle back to databases and others. What you can do from the generator, you can go to the RAC side and convert your Oracle and Oracle expertise with the Oracle itself. Oracle has those functionalities provided. So create solution on the tech stacks which you already know.
Monal Kumar: And, you don't require conversion, you just need to use your current skill and create an AI project from there.
Monal Kumar: Your current skills requires to be integrated into AI to create a full-fledged application. To create those applications, create those projects, that's what I will say.
Monal Kumar: Sign up.
Monal Kumar: The first complete the generative part, then use your database and other things to create something awesome.
Sairam Bhagath: credit report, and use your database in person to create…
Sairam Bhagath: Shaman, I got it. I got it. I got what I wanted. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, sure. Thank you very much.
Monal Kumar: All right, and then, Sanman, sorry about that, you are next.
Salman Habeeb: No problems. Munel, my name is Salman. I just wanted to give my quick introduction and then have some questions.
Monal Kumar: Sure.
Salman Habeeb: Okay, so my name is Shalman. I have around 20 years of experience in data engineering and data science. Nice. And I have completed master's in data science.
Salman Habeeb: And, basic data science and deep learning, that's all. Not Gen AI part.
Salman Habeeb: But the thing is, I have not shipped anything, you know, I have not, you know, built any project at the production level. So, I'm through with the data science concepts. The idea is, you know, I just wanted to revise all the concepts when I joined this course. So, in that angle, I'm just, you know, looking forward.
Monal Kumar: And I work as a data head in my company.
Salman Habeeb: And maybe I… yeah, maybe I just, you know, want to understand from you some of the use case which, you know, are some gen AI ideas which I can, you know, push into my team.
Monal Kumar: Sure.
Salman Habeeb: That is the basic idea.
Salman Habeeb: Okay, and my question is, you know, I joined, you know, Ultimate RAG Bootcamp, which is, you know, another course by…
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Salman Habeeb: But I lost in between. I got sick, and then I took a vacation, and then that was somewhere, you know, lost in between. So, will you cover that part as well, as part of this? Because the course…
Monal Kumar: Specialization. Yeah, here we will, we will cover, like, 20-30% of each specialization, but there we have 70-80 more percent, plus more.
Salman Habeeb: Okay.
Monal Kumar: yeah, that is a different part. So, I think whatever we have… whatever you already know.
Monal Kumar: Less than that will be covered here.
Salman Habeeb: Okay, but at least we'll get some foundations of genius.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
Salman Habeeb: Because I know GenAI is related to more, you know, generating content using, you know, the already trained model.
Monal Kumar: Generating, reasoning part of it, yes.
Salman Habeeb: Yes, and but what… I am not so clear about this agentic part, so will you be covering the agentic part as well?
Monal Kumar: Agentic part will be covered in this course, yes. By other mentor, agentic part will also be covered, yes.
Salman Habeeb: And it will…
Monal Kumar: In module number… yeah, in module number 25… from 25, okay? The module name is Agentic Rack System, 26 is MCP, 27 is Multi-Agent system.
Monal Kumar: Those are all of the agentic part.
Monal Kumar: Alright.
Salman Habeeb: And agents are, you know, different from RAG, because RAG is like, you know, building an additional meeting.
Monal Kumar: I will say, LLMs are… agents are LLMs.
Monal Kumar: Which has functionality to call APIs.
Monal Kumar: Or functions. That is the agent. That's all.
Salman Habeeb: Okay, okay, okay.
Monal Kumar: It's a LLM, which have a functionality to call a function, a Python function, or call an API. And both of them, we call it as a tool. So, agent call tools, tools are nothing but functions or APIs.
Salman Habeeb: And those APIs or function, one has to write themselves.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: Either someone has already created it for us.
Salman Habeeb: You didn't.
Monal Kumar: Or, yeah, or we will create for a buyer own.
Salman Habeeb: Like, booking a ticket, or taking a break.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, we need to have that API, yeah, that's all.
Monal Kumar: Okay, okay.
Salman Habeeb: And I look forward, you know, brushing up my data science concepts.
Salman Habeeb: With you, and we'll be having… we'll be providing… you'll provide us a notebook, or we'll be just writing the code ourself? How is it like?
Monal Kumar: notebook I will provide, because, see, this is a long course. If I write each and everything, it will be long. In the previous courses, the patch one, I've already created a lot of notebooks, right?
Salman Habeeb: Not, not…
Monal Kumar: For the batch 2, what I will be doing is, we already have the code, we will do the deep dive understanding of what code is, what we have to do, how to think in terms of what should come in the next cell, we will do all of that.
Monal Kumar: I will provide the notebook, I will provide the writing explanation, what I'm doing in the notebook also.
Salman Habeeb: Okay, and you'll cover the deep learning part as well, you know.
Monal Kumar: learning, I'm.
Salman Habeeb: Auden.
Monal Kumar: over.
Monal Kumar: Yes, deep learning we will cover, R&I and other things we will cover, but I'm… I will not be the… I will not be teaching you that, but other mentors will be teaching you that.
Monal Kumar: Okay? Do check out the syllabus in more depth to understand what exactly we will be doing there.
Monal Kumar: But, yes, till Module 14?
Monal Kumar: You will be seeing me, okay, the NLP for machine learning part.
Salman Habeeb: So you'll be teaching the NLP.
Monal Kumar: NLP for machine learning, that is the first part, and LTK library is one-off encoding.
Salman Habeeb: Yeah, MLT library. Yeah, yeah.
Monal Kumar: It's the basic of when… the introduction of the NLP part, when I will be going there.
Salman Habeeb: before LLMs, that LLC.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, before the deep learning. Before the deep learning.
Salman Habeeb: NLP is also part of what deep learning, isn't it?
Monal Kumar: NLP is a part of deep learning, but there is a part of NLP, just like if you say regex. REGX also comes for the NLP, right? Extracting things, doing one-off encoding. One-out encoding, not a part of deep learning. It's a part of encoding that we do. If I talk about TFIDF,
Monal Kumar: We do consider NLP in a deep learning, but here we mention a module named as NLP for machine learning.
Salman Habeeb: LP for machine learning, like, okay.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so here it is not a part of any… yeah, sure. Thanks so much.
Salman Habeeb: Yeah, look forward.
Monal Kumar: Alright, and we have 9 people left.
Monal Kumar: Shantanu, you are next.
Monal Kumar: It's almost six and a half hour, guys. Yeah, hello.
Shantnu Singh: Yeah, yes, I…
Shantnu Singh: So, yeah, thank you, first chance you've given. So, I have completed a 13-month program from the IIT Bangalore.
Shantnu Singh: Which is organized from the upgrade, and, which was also very large and history-oriented program.
Shantnu Singh: And then now I'm doing the MS program, which is going to be started. So I would really appreciate your guidance to, select the elective. Like, I have mentors.
Monal Kumar: Your voice is muffling, it is not too clear, Shantra.
Shantnu Singh: Yeah, it's not clear.
Monal Kumar: It is not sharp, I mean…
Shantnu Singh: One second, sir, one second, give me.
Monal Kumar: Guys, whoever wants to drop off, you can drop off if you don't have any query.
Monal Kumar: And, for the Nash+, you will get mail. I'm not sure about the holiday, as other people are saying, but we'll check with the team, we'll check with the Krisha, and we'll let you know beforehand in the mail itself, alright? So, please check your mail before joining Wednesday Plus.
Monal Kumar: Right? You guys can drop off whoever is…
Monal Kumar: does not have any query, or does not want to listen to others. Okay, Ashantu, you can fix yours, but in the meantime, I can check with Arun Aga's changed.
Monal Kumar: Iron?
Monal Kumar: Sorry if I'm pronouncing your name wrong.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: No, no, no worries. I'm a… I'm a audible monol.
Monal Kumar: You're audible, you're audible.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: Yes, so hi Monal, and thank you for the time, I really appreciate that, your patience about it.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: And, yes, so, without dragging a lot, I'm from Chennai. Coming to my background, I'm from Chennai, and I'm a pressure. Just recently, I got placed in a startup as a business analyst.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: And I'll be joining the company on 14th of Jan.
Monal Kumar: And yes, sir.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: And yes, my question is,
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: I came across this data science course, and
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: I already did a certification on data science and grade learning, where they covered till machine learning.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: And further that day, they didn't cover anything.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: And in this course, I have seen that you're going way advanced, more than machine learning also.
Monal Kumar: You're covering everything.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: Yes, and that's great. And yes, my question for this is, do you be covering concepts on,
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: A time series forecasting…
Monal Kumar: series, we are not doing, because, as you can see, we have added a few modules in this particular version.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: Yes, I saw the promotional value, haven't mentioned, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Within this one year of duration, which was in V1, we have added a lot of things of the agentic and drag which is not present in the V1.
Monal Kumar: And because we have added things, we also need to reduce, because we cannot make the course for 1.5 years, right? So time series is something, because if I talk about the requirement, time series is one of those requirements which is very specific.
Monal Kumar: All right? Which is.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: Okay, so at least, will you be touch-pacing the topic, or…
Monal Kumar: I will not touch basing, but I will be touch basing things in such a way that if even a new concept like a time series comes in future, okay? If you understand what is a regression and classification numbers, how things work, how derivation works, and other things.
Monal Kumar: everything is kind of not too complex, alright? So time series, if you, later may be… if time permits, okay? If I am on time, or if I have more time, then I can touch at least the basics of it. If I don't have time, then, unfortunately, we have to skip it, because it is not a part of syllabus.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, I agree.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: Yes, yes, I understand. And just one last question. Will you be covering, like, how to upload the projects in GitHub?
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: We're doing that.
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: Yes, so you'll teach us how to use GitHub, how to control the…
Monal Kumar: The teaching will be done within 2 hours. We are not here to be GitHub masters. We are here so that we can use GitHub and do things with it, alright?
Augusstin Arun Ulaganathan S: Okay, yeah, that's fine, yes. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, thank you very much, Haru.
Monal Kumar: Alright, Shantanu?
Shantnu Singh: Yeah, yeah. Now my face is fine.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, it is better.
Shantnu Singh: Yeah, yeah, thank you so much. So, so I have completed, recently 13-month program from the Triple IT Bangalore, which, conducted by Upgrade, and which was, more focused to theory-oriented only.
Monal Kumar: you know?
Shantnu Singh: Yeah, so…
Monal Kumar: already know.
Shantnu Singh: region that I am coming here, and my MS program from the Riverpun University, and going to be started for next 6 months. So, I would, like to take your advice. So, which, inductive areas would get focused, like predictive analytics, recommendation systems? I have written in questions,
Shantnu Singh: box also
Shantnu Singh: So, 6th, 7th subject, even because I already paid, so I have to do that, this, MS degree. So, I want to take.
Monal Kumar: See, if you take my advice on something that is too big of a decision, that is to be taken by some mentor, okay, what I would suggest is.
Monal Kumar: whatever family subjects are there, okay? Because subject is… you are only going to learn that. After that, you are not going to focus on a particular subject when it's time for job, right? You are not going to get job just for recommendation system. You're going to get job for a data scientist and an engineer, yes?
Shantnu Singh: Yes.
Monal Kumar: So, because it is subject, I will… I'm not going to… what I will do is, I will help you
Monal Kumar: just plan how to decide it. I'm not going to decide it for you. If you don't like it, then tomorrow you will say, sir, you have mentioned that now there is no scope. So I will suggest, on that seventh subject, do a little bit of homework in YouTube. Try to learn
Monal Kumar: what recommendation systems do? Are there any new research, or all the things are already done? Because at the end, you're also going to create research also, right? You have to write that paper.
Shantnu Singh: Yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: So, try to find a field where there are a lot of research going on, and there is a space for more research. If all the things are already solved, it's like doing a research in, LLMs. It is very tough.
Monal Kumar: To do research in Netherlands, you have to… you should know how to code Netherlands, to do all those research, compare with other things, but it is because of it is academics, do something where you can do it easily and can also focus on the job.
Monal Kumar: Are you getting my point?
Shantnu Singh: Yes, yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: where there is a scope to do research easily. So, focus on that.
Monal Kumar: On that 7, do some homework, and try to eliminate. Do the elimination method, try to eliminate things which you don't like, and then do the homework on the last part.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
Shantnu Singh: Okay, okay.
Monal Kumar: Thank you. Yeah, yeah, you're welcome.
Monal Kumar: Alright, then we have, gaurav?
Monal Kumar: After Gaurav, we have Suchaka. The first Gaurav, then Sujaka.
Monal Kumar: Hey, Gaurav.
GauravGohil: Hey, hi Munal. Hello. Hello. My voice is audible.
Monal Kumar: Yes, of course, this article.
GauravGohil: Yeah, thank you so much for your patience and time.
GauravGohil: And, I want, your guidance, regarding my carrier gap. So, in the beginning, I have worked for around 6 years in mobile, Android application development.
GauravGohil: And then I have worked around 2 years in distributed ledger technology application development, and then I got layoff in, like, beginning of 24, 2024.
GauravGohil: Then, luckily, I got a job in some, social media for a YouTuber, so I've been working with him for the past 2 years for video editing, content creation, and managing the social media handles.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
GauravGohil: So, now I want to join the IT.
GauravGohil: With the help of AI. So, I've been following Chris for a very long time, and I wanted to join this AI course last year, but I could not. So, this year, I joined it.
GauravGohil: So, this 2 years gap that I have, will that be… create a problem in IT, if I.
Monal Kumar: create a problem.
GauravGohil: Huh.
Monal Kumar: third problem for MNCs.
Monal Kumar: Okay? MNCs might ask you what you were doing, and then if you say, I was doing… they might not find you relevant, because you are not data scientist yet, alright? So what you can do…
Monal Kumar: MSS is not the only companies. There are a lot of startups, right? And the startups accepts every people. Even if you're not from BTEC, MTech, even if you have done… even if you have not done graduation, MSS will give you opportunity, if you know the skills.
Monal Kumar: Are you… are you clear?
GauravGohil: Yes, yes, clear.
Monal Kumar: Okay, so it is very doable that if you don't have the skills,
Monal Kumar: It is hard. So I would suggest you to work very hard, try to find exactly what field you are working, because in… there are a number of possibilities. There is one startup which I've heard which is working on games, okay, which is working on creating short videos from games using computer vision.
Monal Kumar: Computer vision is a part of AI, alright? So, they create those things from there. So, if you like video editing, try to create some projects on that. If you like something else, do end number of things until and unless you get the job.
Monal Kumar: Try startups. And once you have a tag of AI engineer or something, even if you have a video… I personally know my friend who was a video editor, then he's currently a data scientist.
GauravGohil: Okay, nice.
Monal Kumar: But it has been, like, 4 years now. So, he's pretty good at his job right now. So you also have to be good at it.
GauravGohil: Yeah, sure, definitely.
Monal Kumar: Try to get as much internship as possible. Internship will break your, internship will break your… this flow that you are having, your editing the flow.
Monal Kumar: Alright?
GauravGohil: Yeah, understood.
Monal Kumar: That, until and unless you are getting, you're getting paid, because I know that we all have responsibilities to do. Until and unless you have that sorted out, don't leave your responsibility… don't leave the place where you are able to fulfill your responsibility.
GauravGohil: Yes.
Monal Kumar: Good, but in the meantime, do something else. Alright, Gaurav?
GauravGohil: Yes, sure. Definitely, I will do. Thank you so much, Mael.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Alright…
sujata: Sujata?
sujata: Yeah, hi, this is Raji Hu. Actually, I have joined…
Monal Kumar: Hands.
sujata: wife's account. Yeah. Hi, Monal, I just wanted to say big thanks to you, the way you have handled last six and a half hours. I think I am at good place.
sujata: And I'm really, looking forward
sujata: To go through this, study. I'm based in UK, so start time is around 3.30am.
Monal Kumar: Oh!
sujata: Yeah, but this first session has given me, enough region to wake up at 3.30 and join your live session.
Monal Kumar: really, like, you're doing really awesome. 3.30 AM, I cannot even think, but you're doing it, so, yes.
sujata: Yeah, just wanted to say thanks to you, and maybe questions will come once you will start learning.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, I'm ready for that. Yeah.
sujata: Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for saying, Sujava. Sorry, Ravi. Yeah, yeah, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Thank you, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Alright, then we have… Tandeep?
Monal Kumar: Hey, Sandeep?
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: I'm on a…
Monal Kumar: How are you?
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: We'll have lunch after this.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, yeah, I even have lunch after this. Yes.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: So, I just wanted to check on, after we become an AI engineer, what are the next roles? Do we become senior AI engineer, AI architect?
Monal Kumar: He's a good guy.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: any… Normal software architect and AI architect, easy having a… .
Monal Kumar: there is nothing like an AI architect, okay? An architect job is to also handle the AI part of it, because for an architect.
Monal Kumar: what exactly going behind that module concerns less, and what is their responsibility? More is to
Monal Kumar: how are we going to handle all of this, requests and all of those things, designing part with the lowest latency and other things, that is a part of architect, okay? But inside part of it, the AI person is going to deal with it. It can be a lead person, it can be a senior AI engineer, so those persons will be handling those.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Okay. Yep. So, do we need to learn, for the system design and data struct… Design pattern?
Monal Kumar: The higher your skills are, the more your pay is, so…
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Yeah, because currently I work as a Salesforce architect, and Salesforce itself have their own AI products, like Einstein and all, but we can have… use this Salesforce…
Monal Kumar: use it, we cannot… we don't know what is going on behind them.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Yeah, exactly. So we can use Salesforce APIs to fetch the data from there, and build our own, agent decay model, something…
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Like that with this course, right?
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes, yes.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: And, some more questions, like, we also have some, improvements in the quantum computing field in machine learning, so once we, gain this knowledge, and if that gains more, speed, then do we need to upgrade again to that quantum computing?
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Wanted.
Monal Kumar: computing is something that is meant for researchers, and content computing logic itself is different. Here, our computer runs 0-1. Contact computer does not work just with 01.
Monal Kumar: So, for now, we are not researchers, and if there is a possibility for you to become the real researcher scientist who knows all those mathematics and other things, then it is required. For us, it is not required. For developers, there will always be a wrapper so that we can develop things instead of focusing.
Monal Kumar: Right now, if you say operating system, do you know the code of operating system?
Monal Kumar: No.
Monal Kumar: It is made for us so that we can do more work on top of it.
Monal Kumar: So quantum computing will be there, but it will only be used a lot when there is a wrapper on top of it, which we can use. Maybe there can be a framework where, with Python, we can communicate… I think there is already a framework which we can communicate with the quantum computers, we can write code, but we are not going to deal with the internal stuff.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Okay.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: And one more question, is, so we already have a lot of models that are available, LLMs that are available, so where do you see more opportunities? Is it, using the LLMs?
Monal Kumar: LLMs, using LLMs. We don't create.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: popular lens.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, we don't get funding to create our own LLMs to do the experimentation, but using those LLMs, you can create a lot of awesome things.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Yeah, and for using LMs, we don't… we need to have credits, right? So, as part of this course, we need to buy some credits for using their APIs.
Monal Kumar: only a very small amount, or mentor is going to do that. You can just see and just learn. No need to buy your own, right? It is totally up to us whether we want to do the experimentation of our own. Mentor is going to do it. If you're fine with that, if you want to do your own experimentation, then maybe you need to do that.
Monal Kumar: But we will try to use as much as retire or low-cost as possible.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Okay, okay. And, you suggest to have DSA if you want to go into big companies, along with that?
Monal Kumar: That is, that is must. That is must.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Yes, sir, and yeah, okay.
Monal Kumar: Even if you don't know AI, if you know just DSA, you can cover first round. If you know… if you're the master of AI and you don't know DSA, you cannot… you cannot go into the company.
Monal Kumar: Because that is the first round.
Monal Kumar: Okay.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Yeah, got it.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: And what are the industries that we can apply, like, current industries?
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: green.
Monal Kumar: Every industry, yes. If they have requirement, you have the skill, you will get hired.
Kalavendi, Phaneendra Sandeep /IN Opella: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Thank you so much for your patience. Thank you. Yeah, thank you.
Monal Kumar: And then, we have different Sunday.
Monal Kumar: Hey, Sandeep!
Sandeep Paladugu: Can you hear me?
Monal Kumar: Yeah, I can hear you.
Sandeep Paladugu: Good afternoon.
Sandeep Paladugu: Thanks for your time.
Sandeep Paladugu: So, before I start, Mona, let me give my background, actually. I'm into IT industry from last 16 years.
Sandeep Paladugu: But, from last 5 years, I'll be… I am in engineering manager role. I can say I worked on different, different tech stacks, like .NET, Pega, Mainframe, and all those sort of things.
Sandeep Paladugu: But I can say, I am not master of anything, I can tell you openly, like, I'm not good at… So right now, from last 5 years, I'm managing a team. I can say 30% of coding I'm doing, and 70% is, like, people management.
Sandeep Paladugu: Now, based on all the previous discussions, whatever you are doing, I feel like I need to start from scratch, understand everything, and switch over to some different career in data science. So that's what I am thinking, but I just want to make sure from you to understand, like, whether that…
Monal Kumar: do this, as well as, try to look in the industry, because you're already managing people, right? Next stage in your career is going to be,
Monal Kumar: going to be someone who will also be taking decisions, right? Because there… there is obviously someone who's on top of it. What is that position? If you know that, Sandeep?
Sandeep Paladugu: Senior Manager.
Monal Kumar: Senior Manager. So, senior manager is going to also… the expectation is also going to have some ideas and have them implemented, right?
Monal Kumar: So, you also need to think in terms of, how can I bring more ideas that are, that have AI in them, because that is what business requires, right? Business is very fancy when the AI world comes in.
Monal Kumar: So, think of the problem statement, what AI solves, what we can do, and try to also prepare yourself in terms of that.
Monal Kumar: what exactly others are doing? Can I also pitch it and make my team, make it… just… just make it done with my… with the help of my team, and get… and get to the next stage in my career? So also think in terms of that direction, because that will help you as a manager to go to the next position.
Monal Kumar: Sounded.
Sandeep Paladugu: Okay, okay, and if I think an alternate career, so can I have an architect role too? I mean, can I switch over to architect role?
Monal Kumar: You can, you can, you can go to the architect, but for an architect, as I mentioned, think that what are the different… architect also requires a little bit of data engineering, it also requires, now, the concurrency Java and other modularity, message queues, a lot of different things, right?
Monal Kumar: But if you have not heard any of it, maybe it is high time that you start reading about those, at least. So, within one year or two years, you can target those, because
Monal Kumar: if you want to go into the senior and pitch things, I would not suggest you to do, if you get a job position tomorrow, join that as a senior manager, because you're not ready internally.
Sandeep Paladugu: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Right? So, and don't wait too long, 5 years that I will be ready. You have to be ready, give yourself some time, give yourself some goal that I will be doing that, but everything should be noted down that what exactly I have to do. If you're a fo… if you have to be architect, then don't go like a senior manager. Architect job is someone else.
Sandeep Paladugu: Okay, okay, go.
Monal Kumar: Plan things out, plan things out, and then move in that direction.
Monal Kumar: But this whole course will give you the base that, okay, this is what happens in AI.
Sandeep Paladugu: Yeah, sure. And that's a good thing to start from the base and go into an advanced level, because…
Monal Kumar: give you confidence that, no one can be able to say that you don't know coding, as you mentioned, right? You are not good at currently what is the current skill set.
Sandeep Paladugu: Hmm.
Monal Kumar: later stage, you will not feel that, I don't know things. I know things.
Monal Kumar: But I am, What should I say? But currently, I don't want to write the code, because I do have a lot of things to manage, a lot of things to plan, other things, right? That can help you as well.
Sandeep Paladugu: because currently I'm leading a ML team, and I'm also working on a GenA project, and all the.
Monal Kumar: too much.
Sandeep Paladugu: I'm doing, but I'm not having that confidence, and I'm also not actually pitching into their systems, like, what exactly they are doing and all, but I'm just driving the ideas, and I'm doing the things.
Sandeep Paladugu: Not exactly.
Monal Kumar: What exactly is going on in the firing game in the companies, right?
Sandeep Paladugu: Yes, sir, that's,
Monal Kumar: job managers are also expected to use LLM to help the team.
Monal Kumar: is generating something and you're not confident what ailing is doing, then how are you going to help the team also, right?
Monal Kumar: So at least you will have better chances.
Monal Kumar: Then right now.
Sandeep Paladugu: Because nowadays, they are using a lot of different tools to track our GitHub commits and everything.
Monal Kumar: No, yes, yes.
Sandeep Paladugu: I'm making out the metrics, and I can see my directors are getting fired very soon because of.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, okay.
Sandeep Paladugu: So that's where I thought, like.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, this is the item that you're doing it, but do a lot of things parallel, alright?
Sandeep Paladugu: Sure, thank you. Thanks, Munda. And also, one more suggestion, even my wife want to start, enroll this course, and she'll be enrolling, tomorrow or so, but she is completely a mainframe background resource, and, she does a, from legacy systems and all, and,
Monal Kumar: As I'll be teaching it from the very base. It's totally up to, you guys' discussion that, what is our next target?
Sandeep Paladugu: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Right? I'm teaching data science. My goal here is to teach everyone here. But if you guys can plan your targets, and this fits in your target, then yes, join it, learn it, and then complete your target.
Sandeep Paladugu: Sure, sure. Yeah, thank you. Thanks, Manal. And I also learned one more thing is, like, having patients like you should be there in the data sense, too.
Sandeep Paladugu: Excel, I feel.
Monal Kumar: Yes, see, this is something which I'm also learning. And yes, thank you very much for complimenting it.
Sandeep Paladugu: Yes?
Monal Kumar: Thanks, Andrew.
Sandeep Paladugu: Thanks, thank you.
Monal Kumar: Alright, then we have Arnius.
Monal Kumar: Sorry if I'm not pronouncing your name correctly, Hani, yes?
anyis: Hello? Can you hear me?
Monal Kumar: I can hear you, yes?
anyis: Yep.
anyis: He's a… I'm a beginner, so I… Want to know with the curriculum.
anyis: If I finish this program, what can I do?
Monal Kumar: As I mentioned to other people, Annie, that if you finish this course, what you should target is, you should target one goal.
Monal Kumar: This course will be one of those things which will help you achieve your target, but after this course, or in parallel to this course, you should also work hard, learn more things, create projects, do things, which company requires.
Monal Kumar: Where are you located, Aniz?
anyis: where I'm located.
Monal Kumar: Yes, where are you located? Yes.
anyis: I'm located in Switzerland.
Monal Kumar: Suzerland, alright? So, based on Switzerland requirement, this course is going to give you the main foundations and skills to complete a job.
Monal Kumar: Now, check in job posting for the fresher positions and others. In Switzerland, what exactly they require. If they require certain things as well, you need to add those, and learn those parallelly as well.
Monal Kumar: So, this course will give you a foundation, but will it give you a job? It totally depends on your demographic, and currently you're in Switzerland. Check what exactly they require. Do they require more things? Do they require a fresher to also handle the project?
Monal Kumar: So, based on that, it will give you more clarity. But this will give you skills to create machine learning, deep learning, WAG agent AI projects.
anyis: Okay, so… Yeah.
anyis: And also, please, during the…
anyis: lectures. During the lesson, will we be having a project, you know?
Monal Kumar: We will have projects. We will have projects, but not for each lecture. Once a big chunk of module is completed, let's suppose a module requires Python, database, and other things, that will create a single project. Machine learning is completed, then we will add Python plus machine learning as a project. So, based on multiple modules, we will create a single project, alright?
anyis: Yeah, okay, so, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yes. So, yeah, it's good, yeah. It's a combination of,
anyis: Both theory and practice, yeah.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
anyis: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Every class will be pec… every coding class will be concept plus practical, and every… after a bunch of models is completed, we will also see project practical. So, we have a lot of practicals.
anyis: And also, please, like, today, do we have an election today? Because it's like, I didn't…
Monal Kumar: No, no, no. Today, it is just induction. It is just about knowing each other, knowing, understanding doubts, clearing doubts, that's all.
anyis: Okay, because I was thinking that I missed out.
Monal Kumar: No, no, you didn't miss out on anything.
anyis: Yes. Okay, then also, these lessons
anyis: If we start next week on Wednesday, We can… the recalling…
anyis: it's on the website, we can…
Monal Kumar: Yes.
anyis: Recording will be on the website, and… Will be uploaded on the web?
Monal Kumar: Yes, tomorrow also you will be able to see, this class recording as well in your dashboard.
anyis: Very good. Then also, there… will there be also a… a reading material.
anyis: Yay. Yes.
Monal Kumar: So whenever I'm going to teach you something, I'm going to write those things in my notepad, okay, just like I was drawing on my notepad, and whatever code I'm writing, that will also be present in your resource section, which I will be showing you later. Alright? So, you will get the same code which I'm writing, you will get the same thing which I'm writing as the PDF as well.
anyis: So, we will be getting both the video recording and the PDF.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
anyis: Written material PDF.
anyis: So, we can read both.
Monal Kumar: Yes, yes.
anyis: Then also, would there be any textbook?
anyis: We will read for December.
Monal Kumar: I will suggest to not go for books, because books will… books tend to be a little bit slower. It totally depends on who is reading the book, but I personally think that we go more deeper than the books, and yes.
Monal Kumar: So you will have more in-depth understanding of each topic than the books.
anyis: Wow. Dan, it's great, yeah, it's… yeah.
anyis: Yeah, it's great, yeah.
anyis: Yeah.
anyis: Thank you very much, sir. I appreciate it.
Monal Kumar: Thank you. Thank you very much, Andres. Thank you. We'll see you next time.
anyis: Yeah, thanks, man.
Monal Kumar: Alright, Dan, we have only…
Monal Kumar: 3 people, guys, only last… last two people, that's all, alright? Abhay. Abhay is next.
Monal Kumar: And… Ratna Jyoti is last.
Abhay Rai: Hello, Monolan, am I audible?
Monal Kumar: Yes, I've got your audiobook.
Abhay Rai: Yeah, so I have two doubts, and the first one is, can we get the timeline of the course, like.
Monal Kumar: Abeh, this is… yeah, okay, I can directly answer. I already know what question you're asking.
Abhay Rai: Yeah, yeah.
Monal Kumar: In the previous batch also, people were asking about the timeline, but I will tell you what happens. In a particular class, if a topic comes, because there is a combination of non-tech and tech people, right?
Monal Kumar: sometimes they might ask a lot of doubt, or they are very overwhelmed. Then me, personally, as a mentor, I don't want to stretch the class and teach more things. If people are already overwhelmed, they will not learn.
Monal Kumar: Right? They will not be able to learn. If they're not able to learn, they will lose something, right? So, the flexibility changes a bit. So, what you can do, if you want to understand estimate time, you can check the previous… you already had the V1, right?
Abhay Rai: Yeah, yeah.
Monal Kumar: In the V1, when we are doing some Python, the topics is also written there.
Abhay Rai: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: Or you can just check what is going on, and then you will estimate that Python… Python was estimated to 1.5 months, and it might be done, because this is the batch, too. I already have all the notes and other things, so all I have to do is
Monal Kumar: teach you again. I don't have to teach you from the very, very zero. Batch one was the zero. Now I don't have the zero, right? So this one will be faster than before. The estimate will be lower than before.
Monal Kumar: Alright, Amen?
Abhay Rai: Like, I want to know that, till the deep learning part, like, how much long it will take to complete deep learning?
Monal Kumar: Previously, it took around, it will take around 6 months, Abeh, till deep learning.
Monal Kumar: They'll… from the day, we will start the deep learning. Deep learning day one will be after 6 months.
Monal Kumar: This is the estimate.
Abhay Rai: And my second, doubt was, like, after the module is completed, like, just say the Python is completed, or machine learning is completed, or a new library is completed, are you going to give some, like, interview-related material so that we can.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Monal Kumar: Yes, see, we all mentors, what we do, sometimes, if we don't have time, or if you want to give more content, even Mayank and Sunny also creates their YouTube and posts new things there, alright? We will give you interview questions. Interview questions, we already have it, we just,
Monal Kumar: what is there in interview question? Whatever we are asking, we can give you. In one topic, we can get one question, two questions, that's all, right? But whatever you feel like is not a part of the syllabus, and you guys should have it, what we will do, we will also teach it, because in,
Monal Kumar: this is the thing which we have… the syllabus is the utmost priority. In parallel, if you need something, even I can post something, Sunny will post something, my answer will post something, and we will keep on learning and expanding and…
Monal Kumar: This direction as well.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so don't worry about it. We will provide the material which will require you to get a job, alright?
Abhay Rai: So, that's all the questions I have. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: You're welcome. Thank you very much.
Monal Kumar: Alright, then, Ratna Jyoti, you are next.
Ratnajyothi: Hi, Mona.
Monal Kumar: Hello, Hero Khati.
Ratnajyothi: Yeah, can you show me previous patch recordings in the dashboard? Under the courses tab, I couldn't get… that's where… can you show me once…
Monal Kumar: that, just a bit.
Monal Kumar: It is not under your courses.
Ratnajyothi: Yeah, I couldn't find…
Monal Kumar: You will not find under your courses. Are you able to see courses?
Ratnajyothi: Yeah, okay.
Monal Kumar: In courses, you will see only 2 courses if you've enrolled for Ultimate Data Science 2.
Ratnajyothi: Yeah, that one, yeah…
Monal Kumar: You will see that one, and you will also see one similar like this.
Ratnajyothi: Okay, Ultimate Data Sensor Jamie, okay.
Monal Kumar: Yes, you will see two of them. If you're not able to see, check with the counseling team, and they will help you, alright?
Ratnajyothi: Can you click on that, where? Yeah.
Monal Kumar: I can click on that.
Ratnajyothi: And .
Monal Kumar: continue, if I do the continue, you will see this. See this live session introduction, can you see?
Ratnajyothi: Okay, okay,
Monal Kumar: there are all the courses. This… all the things I've taught, but now…
Ratnajyothi: Okay. Different mentors also.
Monal Kumar: Alright.
Ratnajyothi: Okay. And one more question is, actually, where I'm working, one company, there, that company is having a deduplication engine. Currently, we don't have any AI-related stuff in that.
Ratnajyothi: Can we achieve that, engine functionality in AI?
Monal Kumar: not even only, because, you know, the functionality, I don't, right? I don't understand what is actually going on. If you learn AI, then you will know whether it is being there, whether we can replicate it or not.
Ratnajyothi: Okay, good.
Monal Kumar: water?
Ratnajyothi: Actually, I'm, files of experience in Java.
Ratnajyothi: So, now I am… I want to transition into the AI, and I want to… these concepts you introduce into the AI in my company.
Monal Kumar: Yes.
Ratnajyothi: That is my agenda.
Monal Kumar: You will… you will know that once you learn it, then you will know what things can be translated.
Ratnajyothi: Okay.
Monal Kumar: Yeah.
Ratnajyothi: Okay. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Pure, dear, yes, you're welcome.
Monal Kumar: Alright guys, imagoti's done.
Monal Kumar: There's no other handlist after these two people, okay? It is already time. It is almost…
Monal Kumar: 7 minutes? Yeah. Mayuresh, you're next.
Monal Kumar: Mayuresh and Abeh are the last people, then we will close the session, alright?
Monal Kumar: Mayuresh?
Monal Kumar: There's…
Monal Kumar: Right?
Monal Kumar: Abe, you can ask your question if Mayuresh is not… okay, Mayuresh?
Mayuresh Balsaraf: Hello?
Monal Kumar: Hello? Yes, Mahesh?
Mayuresh Balsaraf: I'm gonna… am I audible?
Monal Kumar: Yes, you're audible.
Mayuresh Balsaraf: So, it was a very nice induction season, and
Mayuresh Balsaraf: The peers are also so experienced. I recently joined a company, I'm a pretty sure.
Mayuresh Balsaraf: And I recently joined a company, MNC company, and
Mayuresh Balsaraf: I have been, given an,
Mayuresh Balsaraf: a C-sharp role there, and I'm learning C-sharp and other frameworks.
Mayuresh Balsaraf: So I was very keen to learn the data science and artificial intelligence from my
Mayuresh Balsaraf: We take, so I've obtained some, NPDL courses.
Mayuresh Balsaraf: which I've cleared also.
Monal Kumar: NPTL courses.
Monal Kumar: Are you talking about NPTEL?
Mayuresh Balsaraf: Yes, yes, yes.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, I've done those courses as well, those are very boring courses.
Monal Kumar: Yeah, but, .
Mayuresh Balsaraf: teaching the professor teaches,
Monal Kumar: Yeah.
Monal Kumar: See, professors also taught me, but I've learned nothing. I have taken NPTL in my college, in my college time. I've taken for Java or something, they also have percentages.
Monal Kumar: And I got bare minimum there, and thank you very much, Shivangil. Yes, Mayuresh, tell me.
Mayuresh Balsaraf: So, I, I want to thank you for the session.
Mayuresh Balsaraf: And I'm very excited to learn, You're gonna be…
Monal Kumar: Thank you, Myersh. Thank you very much. Thanks for staying just to tell me this. Thank you very much.
Mayuresh Balsaraf: Actually, actually, I was searching for my microphone, but I understood that,
Mayuresh Balsaraf: When my time comes, there is an option of getting a new… I was searching, I was… I want to talk…
Monal Kumar: Small donation.
Monal Kumar: Thank you very much, Mayors. Thank you.
Monal Kumar: Yes, keep up this energy, guys, keep up this energy, and we will be starting this course in next week, yes?
Monal Kumar: Supreet, I want to implement IoT project in many companies where I collect data and from machine senses, store it in TSB, visualize, predict. What part should I follow?
Monal Kumar: For this Suprid, you need to understand machine learning, data analysis, and other things. Once you have what logic is present in the data, then you can go and solve that. But what exactly you are going to solve? You're talking about data. What is the problem? If you have problem, then solve it. Data is not a problem. Data is just…
Monal Kumar: unprocessed insight.
Monal Kumar: Alright, so maybe we'll talk about that later, Suprid.
Monal Kumar: Alright? Try to find out the problem, I will help you.
Monal Kumar: All right, thank you very much, Mayuresh, and everyone who has joined this session.
Monal Kumar: And,
Monal Kumar: Yes, I stayed back 9 until now. Thank you so much for patiently answering all the questions. Please do. Guys, thank you very much. There are a lot of people who didn't ask the question, but still stayed till the very end. And I'm really glad that you guys stayed and supported this induction.
Monal Kumar: And please, I'm expecting that a lot of you are going to tag me in the LinkedIn, that this is the first introduction session, you guys have enjoyed it, and we are going to learn a lot of awesome things. Again, thank you very much, and we'll see you next…
Monal Kumar: Plus, next class, we will see… you will get an email notification if there is a holiday, most probably not, but if there is a holiday, you will also see that notification. If there is not, then we will meet on Wednesday.
Monal Kumar: Yes?
Monal Kumar: Thank you very much, guys. Thank you, thank you. We'll see you next time. Bye-bye.
Monal Kumar: Yes, bye guys. Thanks, David. Thanks.